By Olasunkanmi Akoni, Johnbosco Agbakwuru, Prince Okafor & Efe Onodjae ,LAGOS  Goods worth millions of naira were, yesterday, burnt down by unidentified arsonists, who invaded Akere Motor Parts and Allied Dealers Market, in the Olodi-Apapa area of Lagos State. The incident, which claimed the life of one Baba Hakeem, the security guard for the taxi park beside the market, was said to have been perpetrated by masked men.  According to eyewitnesses, his lifeless body was recovered near the scene of the incident in the early hours of yesterday. Vanguard gathered that the arsonists, after the announcement of the presidential election result had tried to set fire on the market but were chased out by two security guards, who were shot in the leg by the masked men last Thursday. Speaking to Vanguard, Chairman, Akere Motor Parts and Allied Dealers Association, AMPADA, Mr. Izuchukwu Ubah, said he received a call around 3 a.m., yesterday, that their market was on fire.  He said: “Last Thursday, these same people were here. I got a call as early as 1:28 a.m. that they were about to set our shops ablaze. I immediately reached out to the Police operatives because I live far from the market.  “They responded quickly and the masked men ran away, when they saw that the Police operatives with security on ground would overpower them, leaving behind the fuel that they wanted to burn the market with.  “I also reported the issue to the councillor of the area and he assured me with the DPO of Tolu Police Post that they would send a patrol team to protect the market.  “As early as 3a.m., yesterday, I got a call that some masked men with four motorcycles containing eight persons, and a shuttle with seven persons, including the driver had set our shops ablaze. I immediately reached out to the Police.  “Baba Kazeem, who slept in the market, went outside when they were setting the shop on fire and was shot dead because he was mistaken for a security guard.  Also speaking, a trader, Mr. Okwudili, said: “It is getting too much and they are raiding Igbo people’s shops.  “I don’t know what Igbo people have done to these people, they are destroying everything and I lost some goods worth about N20 million. If they want us to go, they should allow us to go and this is not the first time they’re coming to this place.”  Meanwhile, Director of Lagos State Fire and Rescue Service, Adeseye Margaret, in a statement, yesterday, confirmed that the fire started at 3:28a.m.  She said:, “Upon arrival, it was discovered that rows of shops that traded in auto spare parts were well alight that led to Sari-Iganmu and Ilupeju Fire crews of the agency joining up to subdued the raging fire and salvage a nearby filling station with a fully loaded 33,000 litres of PMS tanker amongst other adjoining buildings.” Buhari commiserates with victims  Meanwhile, President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sadness over the death of a 65-year-old Baba Kazeem, the loss of personal property and means of livelihood of some hardworking Nigerians at the Akere Spare Parts market in Lagos State.  A statement by the Senior Special Assistant to the President on Media and Publicity, Garba Shehu, said President Buhari was equally concerned that a similar fire incident occurred at the popular Balogun market a few weeks ago, calling on relevant authorities to take precautions to stem the tide.  Rhodes-Vivour donates N15m to victims  This came as the gubernatorial candidate of the Labour Party in March 11, polls, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, who visited the scene of the incident, frowned at the extent of damage done to goods in the market. He called on the security operatives to ensure that the perpetrators were brought to book.  He said: “I am donating the sum of N15 million as an aid to those affected by this fire incident.  “I will ensure that I rebuild this market to international standard when I come in as the next governor of Lagos State.”  Sanwo-Olu orders probe  Meanwhile, Governor Sanwo-Olu, who expressed shock over the incident, yesterday, ordered a probe of the inferno that gutted the market in Ajegunle. The governor, in a statement by the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Gbenga Omotoso, said: “Mr. Governor, on behalf of the government, genuinely shares their grief. He has ordered a probe into the fire, which emergency workers have put out.”  We’ll rebuild the market — Ayoola  On his part, Ajeromi Ifelodun Local Government Area Chairman, Fatai Ayoola, who also visited the scene of the fire incident, called for calmness.   He said: “I will need the names of everyone affected by this ugly incident. I will also work with the leadership of the market to ensure that nobody is left out,” as he called for calm.  Jandor calls for probe, security beef-up Also, the Lagos Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, governorship candidate, Dr. Olajide Adediran, popularly called Jandor has called for an immediate probe into the fire, stressing the need for calmness.  Expressing sympathy with the victims of the fire, Jandor called for adequate security beef-up across all markets in the state.  We’ve arrested one suspect — Police  Meanwhile, the Lagos State Police Public Relations Officer, Benjamin Hudenyin, who also confirmed the death of one person, disclosed that a suspect had been arrested.  According to him, “the cause of the fire will require detailed investigation to ascertain, as well as post-incident enumeration to account for the number of lockup shops and wares lost.” He assured that investigation by detectives at the State Criminal Intelligence and Investigations Department, Yaba, would unravel the cause of the fire.