Lagos State Governor, Babjide Sanwo-Olu, has declared a three-day mourning for those who died in the BRT train accident on Thursday morning.  He also directed flags to fly at half-mast and civil servants to work half-day tomorrow (Friday). Recall that a BRT staff bus conveying workers of the Lagos State government to the state Secretariat, Alausa, Ikeja, early Thursday morning was involved in a fatal accident as it collided with a train at the PWD Bus Stop.  The ill-fated bus with Lagos registration number; 04A- 48LA, number 33, was heading to Alausa, Ikeja from Isolo, and in the process of beating other motorists at the PWD rail crossing, Shogunle, collided with an oncoming train. It was carrying several passengers, majorly civil servants, and some dependants. Two persons died on the spot while four others died in the hospital. There were 42 moderately-injured persons, 29 serious injuries and eight mild injuries. 25 persons have been treated and transferred to Gbagada General Hospital, Agege General Hospital and the trauma centre at the toll gate. Speaking at the Lagos State University Teaching Hospital, LASUTH, when he visited to assess the situation and commiserated with victims, also cancelled all public engagements and campaigns.  Sanwo-Olu said: “I am deeply saddened by the news of the accident. The vehicle was conveying staff of the Lagos State Government, our staff who serve the state in different capacities.   “Let’s say a prayer for the families and a prayer of mercy and protection for our state.  “My thoughts are with the victims and their families during this difficult time.”  “This is a very sober time for us as a government, and while we acknowledge God as the giver of life, the one who determines every man’s destiny, it saddens us when we have incidents like this. “The fatal accident happened at the rail crossing around PWD in the Shogunle area. I believe they were coming from the express and needed a right turn, and wanted to drag over the rail.  “It is not yet clear what happened, but it seems like a wrong judgement by the driver. I also learnt he has turned himself to the police, and so investigations will determine what actually went wrong. We would also reach out to the Nigeria Railway Corporation (NRC) to give their own account of what transpired so we can have full information.  “We haven’t informed any family members yet because these are civil servants that were going to work so we cannot begin to disclose names until when families have been contacted.  “Of the number of injured persons, 25 were treated very quickly an transferred to the Gbagada General Hospital, Agege General Hospital and the trauma centre at toll gate so this place can be decongested and proper profiling of injuries can be done.  “There will be half day of work tomorrow (today) so we can jointly mourn our staff, our loved ones, and the dead can be buried. Flags will also fly at half mast for the next three days, and we are also declaring a three-day state mourning for the deceased.” Sanwo-Olu, commended residents who assisted the first responders in the search and rescue operation, saying the true spirit of Lagos must be sustained at all times.  He commended the first responders, LASUTH and LASUCOM staff and security agencies for their prompt response.   “A big thank you to well meaning Lagosians who immediately joined in rescue efforts. Our first responders and emergency services are on ground and we will share more information shortly,” he said.  Sanmwo-Olu hails Jandor, Rhodes-Vivoour for visiting victims  The governor, also commended candidates of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Jide Adeniran and Labour Party, LP, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour for visiting and commiserating with the families, saying ‘it is important to thank two of my other competitors – Mr. Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour and Mr Olajide Adeniran, who I learnt were here earlier, for their show of commitment beyond politics. I thank them for coming here.” Sanwo-Olu, who said the state has the capacity to tackle emergencies, revealed that an investigation has started and regular updates would be given as necessary.  He also urged people to voluntarily donate blood to help LASUTH restock its blood bank.