Change can be the beginning of a great transformation in a society. An influx of fresh air into a toxic environment can make all the difference. At critical times like these in Lagos State, when people-centred paradigms have proven potent to shift decadent structures of slavery and moneyed politics, Lagosians need an authentic agent of change to ride the wave and birth a new Lagos that will restore its original glory.   Behold, here is a Lagos original! Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour is his name and he is the Labour Party Governorship candidate in this 2023 election. By nature or by design, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour is a name that sparks curiosity, evokes excitement and ignites a passion for change among those just getting to know him.  For those who already know him, the man behind the name is a dynamic trailblazer, thought leader and change agent who is making waves in his native Lagos State and beyond.  Yet, he did not just drop from nowhere that cannot be traced. As they say, a good fruit does not fall far from its parent tree. Mr. Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour comes from a solid pedigree and respected family whose roots run deep as original, distinguished Lagosians! Born four decades ago into an illustrious family of accomplished legal practitioners, Gbadebo is the son of former Supreme Court of Nigeria Justice Olawale Rhodes-Vivour and Mrs. Nkechi Rhodes-Vivour.  The late Judge Akinwunmi Rhodes-Vivour was Gbadebo’s grandfather, just as he is also the great-grand son to Judge Steven Bankole Rhodes, the second ever indigenous judge appointed in Nigeria. Aside his indubitably reputable pedigree, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour has carved his own distinguished path through life as a well-educated and successful architect. Born on Lagos Island and raised in Ikeja, a balanced Lagosian, his primary and secondary school education was at Chrisland primary schools up to a point, before he went on to Paris in France to finish up at Ecol Artive Berlin.   For his university education, Gbadebo holds a Bachelor’s degree in Architecture from the University of Nottingham, UK as well as a Masters’ degree in the same field from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Boston, USA. Then, he undertook his National Youth Service Corps (NYSC) duty in 2008-2009 set. Ever thirsty for more learning, he went for a second Masters’ degree in Research and Public Policy from the University of Lagos (UNILAG).  Thus richly armed with sound education, Gbadebo would go on to prove his professional mettle over the years, working on critical architectural projects and also getting involved in principled policy activism. He founded Spatial Tectonics and serves on the boards of Alhuda Construction Nigeria and Delta International Commercial City Ltd.    Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour is a true visionary in the field of architecture, a trailblazer in his industry, and a pioneer of modern design in Lagos. With a keen eye for detail, a passion for innovation, and a deep understanding of the cultural and social fabric of the city, Rhodes-Vivour has earned a reputation as one of the most influential architects in Nigeria and beyond.  His unique perspective on architecture is informed by his deep understanding of Lagos’ complex history, diverse culture, and challenging urban environment. He believes that the role of the architect is to create spaces that reflect and respond to the needs of the people who use them, while also promoting sustainable development and responsible urban planning.  Rhodes-Vivour has worked on numerous high-profile projects in Lagos, including the redesign of the Lagos Island waterfront, the revitalization of the National Arts Theatre, and the development of a master plan for the Lagos International Airport. His work has been widely praised for its boldness, creativity, and sensitivity to the local context.  In addition to his work as an architect, Rhodes-Vivour is also a passionate advocate for social and environmental justice. He has been a vocal critic of the city’s chronic infrastructure deficit and has called for greater investment in public transportation, affordable housing, and green spaces. His vision for a modern, sustainable, and equitable Lagos has inspired many others to join him in his quest to transform the city.  No wonder, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour decided to join politics so that he could get the leverage to effect positive change on a wider scale in the position of a leader. He has over the years gathered political experience contesting as a Local Government chairman and House of Representatives on different political party platforms before aspiring to run for the office of Governor of Lagos State.   Of course, he has all it takes. Aside his pedigree of note, global education profile and extensive professional experience, Gbadebo is also privileged to have a spouse who will make a sterling Lagos State first lady.  His wife is Dr. Ifeyinwa Rhodes-Vivour (PhD.), a daughter of Lt. Col. Ifeanyi Aniebo from Umunze in Anambra State. Dr. Ify is an Oxford University graduate, an internationally renowned molecular geneticist and a thought leader in public health in Africa.  Having a Yoruba father and an Igbo mother, and also being married to a distinguished Igbo wife all shows Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour as a unifying force and breath of fresh air that can harmonize Lagosians and move the state forward without fear or favour.   Today, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour is a force to be reckoned with, and a shining example of what can be achieved through hard work, dedication and a commitment to excellence. His passion for justice, his dedication to community service, and his unwavering commitment to creating a better world make him an inspiring role model for all.  He is the man for a new Lagos at this moment. A vote for him as Labour Party Governorship candidate is a vote to take back Lagos for Lagosians and finally bury the structure of corruption, slavery, violence and dictatorship in the state.