By Abdulmumin Murtala, Kano  The gubernatorial candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, (PDP) in Kano State, Sadiq Wali has stated that it is not true that Sen Ibrahim Shekarau is working against his candidature as wrongly rumored in the public. Responding to questions from newsmen on his recent victory in court, where the Supreme court reinstalled him as the PDP gubernatorial candidate as against Muhammad Abacha only ten days to the election, Wali assured that Shekarau had to remain unbiased due to the court case.  Speaking on Friday in Kano, he stated that the PDP was mischievously placed in the situation in which it is by the Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) and his supporters who left the party at the last minute before election. Wali further alleged that the ongoing campaign of calumny against Mallam Ibrahim Shekarau is a ploy to create friction within the party and weaken it ahead of next weekend’s gubernatorial elections. It would be recalled that Shekarau defected to PDP from the NNPP in the build-up to the 2023 elections late last year.  The PDP guber candidate emphasized that he can unequivocally say that Shekarau is working for him for the success of the PDP in the state.  According to Wali, the rumour might have emanated from the silence of Shekarau in the PDP tussle in Kano because the case was in court. “It is not true. What will Shekarau benefit from it if he works for Gawuna now? I can unequivocally tell you that Mallam Ibrahim Shekarau has no problem with my candidature. It is just nonsense to say Shekarau is working underground against my candidature.  “Shekarau just decided to remain silent in the PDP crisis at the state level because the case was in court. As a man who respects law and democracy, he should not speak on a case that is before the court. But, as far as I am concerned, it is not true that Shekarau is working for APC” he said. The former Commissioner for Water Resources also stressed that he would not step down for any candidate or merge with any party even as he has only nine days to prepare for the election.  He lamented that he has had limited time to prepare for the election since the court passed a judgment in his favour just 10 days before the governorship election.  Wali also lamented that he had not got the opportunity to showcase his agenda and programmes for the people of Kano because of the court case between him and Mohammed Sani Abacha.  “There were two governorship debates that I did not participate in due to a lingering court case. We have the best programme and agenda for Kano and we would have gotten the opportunity to showcase them.  “But, despite the limited time, we will forge ahead. We will participate in the election and we will not merge or step down for anybody. We will go ahead with the election. Victory is from God,” he emphasised.