The National Chairman of All Progressives Congress, Senator Abdullahi Adamu, on Monday evening, admitted that the conduct of the February 25 Presidential and National Assembly poll was not perfect.  Adamu said that they didn’t set out to conduct a perfect election. Adamu made the statement while giving his speech at the parley of APC National Working Committee with the president-elect, Bola Tinubu; vice president-elect, Senator Kashim Shettima and members-elect of the National Assembly.  The closed-door meeting, which did not commence until about 2.48 pm was held at the State House Banquet Hall, Abuja. Among the dignitaries spotted at the event were Shettima; Senate President Ahmed Lawan; Speaker of House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila; Minister of Works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola; Senator Godswill Akpabio, among others. The development is coming a few days after disgruntled members of the NWC called for the reformation of the party and his resignation to balance the contentious Muslim-Muslim ticket of the incoming administration, which has generated tension prior to the 2023 elections.  Speaking at the event, Adamu congratulated all the elected political officeholders, saying they deserve the joy of victory after winning the February 25 elections.  The APC chairman, however, conceded that the polls that produced them were flawed.  He said, “I very heartily congratulate all the distinguished men and women elect. I salute you all. You are the new team Nigeria. From May 29 this year, the burden of our national unity, peace, and development will rest on your shoulders as a team.  “It is fair and honourable to admit that the February 25 elections were not perfect. We did not set out to conduct perfect elections. “World history has no instances of perfect elections. Like all other democratic nations, we set out to conduct free, fair, and credible elections. This we did.  “I am proud to say we achieved this feat and delivered on the promise made by President Muhammadu Buhari to the people. For the first time in living memory in respect of our elections, there were no allegations of vote-buying and outcry over all the other ills associated with the conduct of our elections. Rigging may not be dead, but it has been decapitated. Our democracy is maturing, and we are maturing with it.  “From the results of February 25, 2023 general elections announced so far by the electoral umpire, INEC, the APC won the presidency, clean and clear, and a majority in both chambers of the national assembly.  “We chose not to rout the other political parties because they are our partners in our national progress and development.”