Valentine Ozigbo, the Special Adviser to Peter Obi on Technology and Strategic Alliances and a 2021 Anambra Governorship Candidate, has categorically debunked fake news that key officials of the Labour Party’s Presidential Campaign Council met on Monday at a top hotel in Abuja to discuss moves aimed at aligning with the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, in the upcoming presidential election.  In a statement issued to the press on Tuesday, January 24, 2022, Ozigbo described the story as false and aimed at derailing the massive momentum of Obidients across Nigeria and worldwide, who are rooting for a Peter Obi Presidency. The statement reads, partly, “The claims reported on a faceless online medium are completely false and without any basis. The Labour Party is fully committed to supporting its presidential candidate, His Excellency Peter Obi, and his vision for leading Nigeria out of its current travails. “We firmly believe that Peter Obi is the best candidate for the presidency, with a track record of solid leadership, and a clear plan for addressing the significant challenges facing our country.  “Mr Peter Obi has consistently demonstrated a deep understanding of the needs of the Nigerian people, and has the experience and expertise needed to implement effective policies and bring about real change. “It is disappointing that some elements within the PDP are spreading false rumors and engaging in underhanded tactics, rather than focusing on a fair and open contest of ideas. This unprofessional conduct indicates their fear of fair competition and lack of confidence in their own candidate’s abilities,” the multiple-award-winning global CEO said.  On the likelihood of any candidate stepping down for the other, Ozigbo maintained that while he would not wish to join issues with either the Atiku or Tinubu campaigns, who are gleefully circulating the falsehood, he would also not disrupt the current brickbats between the APC and PDP over allegations and counter allegations of corruption between them.  Ozigbo said he believes that for Nigeria to have a clean break from its ugly past, those alleged to be culpable in undermining Nigeria’s progress and the prosperity of our people may consider it needful to step aside for Peter Obi in the best interest of Nigeria’s future. “In a civilized setting, and given the towering credentials and acceptability of Peter Obi, the wise thing for Atiku and Tinubu to do would have been to allow Peter Obi to go unopposed by honourably stepping down. But if they insist on continuing, they should be ready to accept their fate at the polls,” Ozigbo added.  “For the avoidance of doubt, Obi remains the frontrunner in this 2023 race. His two main rivals continue to trail him in the pre-election polls. He is winning with all major demographic across Nigeria in every single poll conducted, even those commissioned by APC and PDP.  “Peter Obi is an enigma, a truly inspirational leader who has the backing of the Nigerian youth and all Nigerians who love our country and wish for the best.  “We will not be distracted by these fake news and will continue to work tirelessly to promote Peter Obi’s candidacy and his plans for a better Nigeria.  “We call on all supporters of the Labour Party and all Nigerians to remain steadfast in this effort and reject the PDP’s efforts to subvert the democratic process and derail our pathway to the Presidency,” he said.  Alozie Alozie Says, 'Peter Obi will be the best president Nigeria has ever had' Sending shockwaves through the main opposition party in Nigeria, Valentine Ozigbo, the candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2021 Anambra governorship election, has announced his decision to dump the party and throw his weight… In "Politics" Valentine Ozigbo …Business leader says, 'Peter Obi will make a fantastic president' Valentine Ozigbo, the Peoples Democratic Party's (PDP) gubernatorial candidate for 2021, has said that the main opposition party must get it right at the upcoming presidential primary to position itself to win the general election next year. Mr… In "News" A high-profile delegation of Atiku Abubakar Campaign Caretaker Committee stormed Anambra State weekend for was described as part of the ongoing consultations ahead of 2023 presidential election. In "News"