Noah Schnapp, the US actor from the famous Netflix series “Stranger Things”, has come out as gay after being “scared” for years. The 18-year-old made a TikTok video on Thursday addressing his sexuality as a gay person just like the character he plays on the Netflix show. “When I finally told my friends and family I was gay after being scared in the closet for 18 years and all they said was “we know.” the text on Noah’s TikTok video stated. Then the caption stated, “I guess I’m more similar to will than I thought.” He finally accepted fan theories that he is not straight after years of speculations just like Will Byers. Read Also ‘Dear easterners, I’m not sorry’, Brymo stands by Igbo presidency comment We’ll put premium on corps members’ security during 2023 polls, INEC assures NYSC Liverpool’s Virgil van Dijk out with hamstring injury “I mean, it’s pretty clear this season that Will has feelings for Mike (Wheeler). They’ve been intentionally pulling that out over the past few seasons,” “Even in Season 1, they hinted at that and slowly, slowly grew that storyline,” Schnapp said in an interview with Variety back in 2022.  Author and Lawyer, Reno Omokri has called for a boycott of on-demand movie platform, Netflix, if it goes ahead to show a movie that portrays Jesus as gay. The movie titled, The First Temptation of Christ was made by a YouTube comedy group and was released by Netflix in Brazil… In "News" Netflix filed an appeal to Brazil's highest court Thursday after a judge issued a temporary injunction for the streaming service to pull a comedy that depicts Jesus Christ in a gay relationship. The film entitled "The First Temptation of Christ", by the Brazilian production company Porta dos Fundos, came out… In "Entertainment" "The First Temptation of Christ" by Brazilian comedy group Porta dos Fundos began streaming on December 3, drawing criticism from conservative politicians, Evangelicals and Catholics. The Christmas satire on Netflix depicting Jesus in a gay relationship has sparked a backlash in Brazil, where hundreds of thousands signed a petition calling… In "Entertainment"