In many parts of the Christian world, female church leaders are no longer unusual. But until now, the Holy Land – where events in the Bible are set – had not seen a local woman ordained. On Sunday, a Palestinian from Jerusalem, Sally Azar, became its first woman pastor at an event at the Lutheran church in the heart of the Old City, attended by hundreds of international well-wishers. “I got more excited seeing the excitement of other people,” Reverend Azar told BBC. Read Also: Methodist Church enthrones first female Bishop in Nigeria “It’s an indescribable feeling to take this step with the support of the church. “I hope that many girls and women will know this is possible and that other women in other churches will join us. I know it will take a long time, but I think it could be exciting if this changes in Palestine.” Christians make up a minority in the Palestinian Territories, Israel and Jordan. Most Christians here belong to the Greek Orthodox and Latin Catholic Churches, which do not allow women priests. However, the ordination of women has been taking place in a growing number of Protestant Churches in the past few decades. These have small local congregations and run schools and hospitals in the Holy Land. “Everywhere where you have a patriarchal society and culture this is a major step,” says the recently retired Archbishop of the Church of Sweden, Antje Jackelen. “Since I’ve been ordained for over 40 years, I’ve met many people who didn’t think it was possible. “But now they’ve seen women actually serving as pastors, as bishops, as archbishops, we know it works and we know that it’s actually in accord with the Bible.” In the Middle East, churches in Lebanon and Syria have already conferred holy orders on women, while at least one Palestinian woman is known to serve in the US. Ms Azar was ordained by her father Bishop Sani Azar.  She insists that while his example inspired her, she never felt pressured into studying theology. “It’s what I wanted, what I was called to do,” she says. As a pastor she will take on different duties including leading services and bible studies in Jerusalem and in Beit Sahour, in the occupied West Bank, for English speaking congregations.  GENERAL Overseer of the  Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, Friday night, said the  founder of the church, Reverend Josiah Akindayomi, was the destiny helper whom God used to bring him to his place of destiny. In "News" LAGOS—THE General Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, Pastor Enoch Adejare Adeboye, has assured Nigerians that the unending orgy of killings of innocent citizens in parts of the country would soon end. In "News" GENERAL Overseer of the Redeemed Christian Church of God, RCCG, Enoch Adejare Adeboye, assisted by his wife and other senior pastors of the church, yesterday ordained over 3,000 tested men and women into the office of assistant pastors to swell the number of ministers in the fastest growing Pentecostal Church. In "Just Human"