Nollywood actress, Joke Silva has revealed how she is able to manage the health of her husband, Olu Jacobs. Recall that the actress acknowledged that her husband, Olu Jacobs, was coping with dementia caused by a Lewy body.  She revealed that her spouse “doesn’t comprehend what is going on” and has been battling the illness “for a couple of years.” In a recent interview with Mercy Johnson on her Youtube cooking show “Mercy’s Menu”, Joke Silva revealed how his illness has affected her and how she is able to manage it. According to Joke Silva, they make an effort to seek religious and spiritual support, but the only way she is able to deal with it is to accept it as her new reality. Read Also Two months after divorce, Kanye West ties knot with new lover, Bianca Censori She said, “Well for me, it’s getting to the place of acceptance. “You know when our partner start making some changes, then you are asked to seek natural and religious help. “And then you doing everything you are been told to do, and it’s almost like the patient is getting worst. “But when you get to the stage of acceptance, that this is your new reality, its so much easier. “You realize that this is your new season, this is your new reality. “You are working with your partner and you meet them where they are, it much easier.”  Veteran Nollywood actress, Joke Silva has shared a heartwarming video of her and husband vibing together while celebrating Eid Mubarak with the muslim faithfuls. The actor who will turn 80 on Monday, July 11, recently had a lovely photoshoot session with his beautiful wife for his birthday celebration. Watch video below: https://www.instagram.com/p/Cfx2z46OnTD/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= In "News" Olu Jacobs By Biodun Busari Nollywood actor and filmmaker, Patrick Doyle, has showered praises on colleague, Joke Silva over her kind treatment of her husband, veteran actor, Olu Jacobs, saying “Joke Omoluabi, I say a big thank you on behalf of all men, perfect and flawed.” Silva has been receiving… In "Entertainment" Veteran Nollywood actress Joke Silva has announced that her husband, Olu Jacobs will be featuring in a stage play come December as part of his 80th birthday celebration. Joke Silva who shared the good news on her official Instagram page stated that the stage play titled ‘Holy Child’, was written… In "Entertainment"