Comedian, Ayo Makun, popularly called ‘AY Comedian has disclosed that there are no homosexuals in his family. AY made the statement while reacting to a post by his sister-in-law, Grace Makun challenging those calling her husband, Yomi Makun, popularly known as Yomi Casual, gay. Recall Vanguard had earlier published a report on Grace’s lengthy Instagram post on Friday, wherein, she challenged anybody with proof that her husband is homosexual to come forward with proof. A part of her post read: “With the permission of my husband, I am daring the so-called blogger and anyone of you who insinuate to know too much to bring out proofs that confirm Yomi ‘gay’ as speculated without fact by your devilish camps within 24 hours.” She also cursed those behind the speculation, writing “I pray for calamity to come upon them all one by one in JESUS NAME. AMEN.” Responding in the comment section of Grace’s post, AY Comedian wrote: “It’s all about entertainment for these evil people. They are traits you will NEVER EVER trace to the Makuns. You already know who you marry, go to bed. As for the bloggers, I still have their tablets. Them go use backup accounts again when I strike as usual.”  No fewer than 25 shops were gutted by fire at Araromi Spare parts market, Agodi Gate, Ibadan in the early hours of Saturday. The General Manager Oyo State Fire Service, Rev. Canon Yemi Akinyinka confirmed the incident in a telephone interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Saturday… In "News" The University College Hospital, UCH, Ibadan was gutted by fire Monday which affected the tailoring section of the hospital. It took men of the Oyo State Fire Service about six hours before they were able to put out the fire. Though, no life was lost, Vanguard gathered that property worth… In "News" IBADAN—AN early morning inferno that gutted the parking lot of Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company on Moshood Abiola Ring Road, Ibadan, yesterday, burnt no fewer than 11 vehicles believed to be owned by staff of the company. In "News"