The Police Service Commission, PSC has said all police officers due for retirement must proceed, ahead of the February 25 presidential election. The PSC spokesman, Ikechukwu Ani, in a statement on Tuesday, said the commission will not extend the tenures of the retiring senior police officers. Read also: Don’t bring us into disrepute — Ondo police boss, counsels 206 new recruits According to him, all existing laws, the Police Act, PSC Act and the constitution of Nigeria constrain the Commission from elongating the tenure of retiring senior police officers. “The Commission took a decision that it will not extend the tenures of the retiring senior police officers, stressing that even when requested, it cannot do so as it is against all existing laws, Police Act, Police Service Commission Act and the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria,” he said.  He assured Nigerians that there is an institutional succession plan in the Nigeria Police Force, especially with the current injection of 10,000 Constables and several other thousands of cadet Assistant Superintends of Police (ASPs) from the Police Academy every year. Ani, following a management meeting on Monday, stated the ongoing campaign for the extension of the tenures of some Deputy Inspectors General (DIGs), Assistant Inspectors General (AIGs), Commissioners (CPs), and other senior police officers is unnecessary. He described it as an affront to all existing laws in the country guiding entry and exit in the public service. “The Commission assured Nigerians that there will be no vacuum in the hierarchy of the Police with the touted retirement of hundreds of senior police officers. “It took a decision to rigidly uphold the provisions of the law which stipulates that a serving public Officer, whether in the Police or in any other government agency, must exit the service at the age of 60 or having served for a period of 35 years. “The Commission said it would not encourage the subversion of the laws guiding entry and exit in to the Nigeria Public Service, adding that the retiring senior Police Officers are not indispensable and that their exit would not in any way or manner affect the success of the 2023 general election,” he said.  Efforts by the Police Service Commission, PSC, and the Police High Command to reposition and reform the Nigeria Police Force appear to have run into a hitch as over 40 senior Police officers, including Assistant Inspectors General of Police, Commissioners of Police and Deputy Commissioners of Police, shortlisted for retirement… In "News" By Kingsley Omonobi ABUJA-Indications have emerged that scores of senior police officers of the rank of Deputy Commissioners of Police, Assistant Commissioners of Police and others who have met the required criteria for promotions to the next rank of either Commissioners of Police or Assistant Commissioners of Police, across the… In "News" A human rights group, Campaign for Democracy, CD, has appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Police Service Commission, PSC, not to retire the 20 Assistant Inspectors-General of Police, AIGs due to the recent appointment of their junior officer, Idris Ibrahim as Acting Inspector-General of Police, Acting IGP. In "News"