By Biodun Busari The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry has revealed that he came to this world with the main purpose of serving as a spare for his elder brother, Prince William, who is the Prince of Wales. Harry said this in his autobiography ‘Spare’ which hit the bookshelves across the globe yesterday, according to Daily Mail on Wednesday. Read also: Prince Harry says his brother, Prince William physically attacked him Prince Harry says he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan Spare: Taliban says Prince Harry will face trial over killing of 25 in Afghanistan He said he grew up knowing that the purpose of his existence was to donate organs such as kidneys or offer blood transfusions to William, should anything bad happen to him. “I was brought into the world in case something happened to Willy,” Harry revealed in the book. Prince Harry who is 38-year-old said he grew up to realise he was a spare part for his 40-year-old brother, the heir. He described his life as a “mission to offer a source of distraction, entertainment and, in case of need, a spare part”, such as a kidney, blood transfusion or bone marrow. Harry’s memoir, which was released to the public space on Tuesday has been revealing his explosive childhood experiences. Meghan Markle’s husband explained in the book that his growing up was understood with the idea of ‘heir’ and ‘spare’ as reinforced throughout his entire life. He said that this idea of only being in the world in case something happened to William was made “abundantly clear” to him from an early age and was “regularly reinforced” throughout his life. Harry continued that he heard a story about his father’s “supposed words” to his mother, Princess Diana, on the day he was born. King Charles III is alleged to have told Princess Diana, “Wonderful! You have already given me an heir and a spare; I have done my job.”  Willam, Harry By Biodun Busari  The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry, has alleged that his elder brother, Prince William of Wales, physically assaulted him. Harry made this known in his highly-anticipated upcoming autobiography “Spare” according to Guardian UK on Thursday. The Royal spare, Harry said the Royal heir, William, grabbed… In "Metro" Prince Harry By Biodun Busari The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry says he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan during his time as an Apache helicopter pilot. Harry served first as a forward air controller in air attacks from 2007 and 2008, and later flew the attack helicopter between 2012… In "Metro" Prince Harry Prince Harry will discuss his memoirs in television interviews on Sunday after the book's explosive revelations about royal rifts, sex and drugs cast doubt on his future in the British royal family. The 38-year-old prince's ghost-written book "Spare" was widely leaked after it mistakenly went on sale in… In "News"