By Biodun Busari  The world football governing body, FIFA, on Friday, has suspended Uruguayan captain, Diego Godin and striker Edinson Cavani for a match each.   Also, FIFA imposed four-match ban each on Fernando Muslera and Jose Maria Gimenez, according to The Goal.  The four Uruguayan football players were hit with these different match bans following their roles in confronting a referee, Daniel Siebert after their World Cup game against Ghana. Read also: England vs Iran: FIFA bans Harry Kane from wearing ‘one love’ armband FIFA instituted proceedings against the players who angrily harassed the referee after crashing out of the tournament in Qatar, in spite of beating Ghana 2-0 in their final group match on December 2. In the Group H deciders, Uruguay had one secured a 50% chance in the last-16 before South Korea scored in stoppage time to beat Portugal 2-1 The result made the Koreans went through by virtue of scoring one goal more than the South Americans over their three matches. The German referee, Siebert, decided not to award penalties for tackles on Darwin Nunez in the opening half and Cavani in the dying minutes, with striker Luis Suarez saying after the game that FIFA was “against Uruguay”. The players will also have to carry out football-related community service, and will pay fines of up to 20,000 Swiss francs ($21,701). The Uruguayan FA was additionally fined 50,000 Swiss francs for the behaviour of its supporters and team members, The Goal said. Uruguay were also ordered to partially close their stadium for their next FIFA “A” international match as hosts.  Several hundred Uruguayans gathered at a Montevideo airfield in Uruguay Thursday night waiting on the expected return of striker Luis Suarez after his ban from the 2014 FIFA World Cup. In "News" The Uruguayan Football Association (AUF) criticised their English counterparts for banning Edinson Cavani on Monday, calling his three-match sanction for alleged racism "a flagrant injustice that damages the morals of an unimpeachable man." The AUF "exhorts the FA to review its sanction," it said in a statement. "We are convinced,… In "Sports" France beat Uruguay 2-0 to reach World Cup semi-finals In "2018 World Cup"