By Victoria Ojeme  The United States of America has again announced visa restrictions on specific individuals in Nigeria for undermining the democratic process in a recent Nigerian election. In a statement signed by US Secretary of State Anthony Blinken made available to journalists yesterday said that certain family members and persons may also be subject to these restrictions.  According to the statement, “We are committed to supporting and advancing democracy in Nigeria and around the world.  Today, I am announcing visa restrictions on specific individuals in Nigeria for undermining the democratic process in a recent Nigerian election. Read also: 2023: Fuel scarcity, naira redesign, ploy to sabotage my chances — Tinubu “Under Section 212(a)(3)C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, these individuals will be found ineligible for visas to the United States under a policy to restrict visas of those believed to be responsible for, or complicit in, undermining democracy in Nigeria.  Certain family members of such persons may also be subject to these restrictions.  “Additional persons who undermine the democratic process in Nigeria—including in the lead-up to, during, and following Nigeria’s 2023 elections—may be found ineligible for U.S. visas under this policy. “The visa restrictions announced today are specific to certain individuals and are not directed at the Nigerian people or the Government of Nigeria. “The decision to impose visa restrictions reflects the commitment of the United States to support Nigerian aspirations to combat corruption and strengthen democracy and the rule of law.”  The United States Secretary of State Anthony Blinken has applauded the appointment of new service chiefs to help "bring new approaches to combat terrorism in the northeast and provide national security throughout the country." This is just as he reiterated the US' support for Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the new… In "News" ABUJA: The United States and the United Kingdom have, on Thursday, vowed that they will not hesitate to consider consequences, including visa restrictions, for those found to be responsible for election-related violence or undermining the democratic process in Nigeria. In "News" The United States on Friday imposed new sanctions on Chinese officials for allegedly participating in coercive influence activities around the world. In a statement, US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo announced new visa restrictions on Chinese officials who have engaged in a variety of activities, from physical violence to espionage,… In "Foreign"