By Ada Osadebe Grammy award-winning musician Wizkid recently shocked the internet by revealing the face of his second child with Jada, his partner. Recall that Wizkid and his manager Jada Pollock had a second child. Jada announced the information on her Instagram page, but none of them revealed his identity. Read also: Wizkid’s son, Zion visits orphanage home in Ghana Fans advise Wizkid to emulate Davido, get married ‘I was placed on medication for life’, Mercy Johnson reveals journey with cancer On Friday, Wizkid shared a nice snapshot of his two sons with their Japa on his Instagram page. He further captioned the image with a heart emoji. Nigerians on social media have dropped their comments. leaddyskincare said, “He is so fine! For those looking for the fruit of the womb, the God of all creation will answer you before the year runs out in Jesus name.” stanbnx said, “Honestly, having beautiful children is so satisfying, Just looking at them will make you happy, God make my future children fine oo.” rosythrone said “They’re so cute. When you see them, you see Wizkid, when u see Wizkid, u see them. Cuteness flows in his kids.” iamkizito__leo said, “There’s different between child and pikin.” ikaydardison said, “These rich kids grow in 5 working days mehn. Wizkid genes are so dominant. God Abeg.”  By Adeleye Adegboyega Afrobeats superstar singer, Wizkid has received a lovely happy birthday message from his baby mama & manager, Jada Pollock. The US-born music executive and an entrepreneur celebrated Wizkid on his 32nd birthday, calling the singer "Baby" with a lovely romantic picture. However, fans are speculating about a… In "News" By Ada Osadebe Nigerian singer Ayodeji Ibrahim Balogun, known as Wizkid and baby mama, manager, Jada Pollock, have welcomed their second child. The 37 years old enterpreneur made this known on her Instagram handle where she showed a picture of her cradling her first son and new baby, while she… In "Entertainment" Singer, Wizkid and his third babymama, Jada Pollock seem to be having good relationship time as star boy Wizkid was recently seen commenting on her new photo with love emojis. In "Music"