Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo has donated 27 new Hilux vehicles to security agencies to beef up security during the ongoing distribution and collection of Permanent Voter Cards (PVCs) in the state. Uzodimma handed over the vehicles to operatives of the state “Operation Search and Flush”, on Wednesday in Owerri. “The action is a deliberate effort aimed at strengthening the efforts of the security agencies to occupy the political space and ensure the next election in the state is hitch free. “Deploy the vehicles to help INEC in the successful distribution of PVCs because it will be bad for our people, after suffering to register, are not allowed to collect their PVCs for voting,” he said. The governor commended the security agencies for being available always and enthusiastic to protect lives and property in the state. Uzodimma reiterated his determination to support them to do their duties more effectively. He reminded the operatives that the team was under the control of the Commissioner of Police in the state. The governor therefore, urged the Commissioner of Police, Mohammed Barde to ensure that the operatives carry out their work professionally, in accordance with the rules of engagement. Responding on behalf of the “Operation Search and Flush” unit, Barde commended the governor for always supporting security agencies in the state. The Police boss assured Uzodimma that the vehicles would be appropriately deployed to help Imo citizens collect their PVCs and go out to vote during the forthcoming elections. Earlier, the state Commissioner for Homeland Security and Vigilance Services, Mr Ugorji Ugorji, commended the governor for his assistance and support to security agencies in the state. “This has given the state the peace we enjoy today,” he noted.   OUTRAGE, yesterday, greeted the attack on the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, office in Imo State, which left no fewer than five persons dead, including two policemen, the third attack in 12 days on the commission offices in the state. In "Metro" Governor Hope Uzodimma of Imo State has assured ministries, departments and agencies of the government of his readiness to support them discharge their duties effectively. In "News" The Imo state Governor, Hope Uzodimma, has said that security would be adequately provided to the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, for the planned distribution of the permanent voter's cards, PVC, in the state. In "News"