By John Alechenu, Abuja The National Secretariat of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has rejected the judgement of the Osun State Governorship Election Tribunal which annulled the victory of its candidate, Adémólá Adeleke. The PDP described the judgement as an attempt to nullify the mandate freely given to it and it’s Candidate, Governor Ademola Adeleke by the people of Osun State in the July 16, 2022 Governorship election. National Publicity Secretary of the party, Hon. Debo Ologunagba, in a statement in Abuja, on Friday said, “The judgment of the Tribunal is contrary to the Will of the people of Osun State which was expressed by the overwhelming votes cast for our Party and Candidate at the election. “The July 16, 2022 Governorship election in Osun State was adjudged by Local and International Observers to be free, fair, transparent and clearly won by the PDP and our Candidate, Governor Ademola Adeleke in confirmation of the wishes and aspiration of the people. “The Will of the people of Osun State as expressed by electing Governor Adeleke must be respected. As a law-abiding Party, the PDP will explore all available legal means to restore the victory of our Party. “The PDP charges the people of Osun State to be calm, remain at alert and continue to support Governor Adeleke as we restate our confidence in the Institution of the Judiciary to dispense justice in this matter at the Appellate Court.”  A High Court, sitting in Ijebu-Jesa, Osun State has ordered the People's Democratic Party, PDP and Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, not to recognise Senator Ademola Adeleke as the party candidate for July 16 governorship election in the state. In "Politics" The candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Ademola Adeleke for next weekend's governorship election has failed to attend the debate organised by Channels Television for contenders. In "Politics" Justice David Oladimeji of the Osun state High court sitting in Osogbo Wednesday dismissed a suit challenging the eligibility of Senator Ademola Adeleke as the candidate of the People's Democratic Party, PDP in the September 22nd governorship election in the State. In "News"