Eddie Hearn has admitted that Anthony Joshua’s career will be over if he loses his next fight. The 33-year-old is set to step back in the ring on April 1 for a comeback bout at the O2 Arena. He recently suffered back-to-back defeats to Oleksandr Usyk, making it three losses in his last five after being beaten by Andy Ruiz Jr in the first of their two clashes. Joshua is now set for a tune-up fight as he looks to rediscover top form and confidence. However, the pressure is on because if AJ was to lose to a potential lesser-known opponent then his promoter believes his career is finished. Hearn said to iFL TV: “You go into that fight in April and you know that defeat, it’s all over, really. “It would be a third back-to-back defeat and yet a great performance and a showroom knockout will get everyone saying, ‘We’re back, baby.’ “That’s what I can’t wait for because I love it when our backs are against the wall. “I’m excited. I’m really excited. This is the most excited I’ve been in Joshua’s journey so far.” The Watford-born heavyweight has been linked with facing his ex-sparring partner Demsey McKean in April. The Aussie told Sky Sports: “We are one of the frontrunners for a possible opponent for Anthony Joshua.”I could be [the man to retire Joshua] and I am very confident I can do that.” With AJ and Hearn hopeful of victory, the Matchroom chief is already eyeing up future bouts for afterwards. Joshua wants a big fight in the summer and a rematch with Dillian Whyte is being discussed.  Anthony Joshua is set to face Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch of their Wembley blockbuster, his promoter Eddie Hearn has revealed. In "Sports" Anthony Joshua has signed a deal to stage his next two bouts at Wembley stadium, the first in September and then next April, the 28-year-old announced via promotions company Matchroom Boxing. In "News" Britain's Anthony Joshua believes his long-awaited clash with fellow world heavyweight champion Deontay Wilder will take place as it would be "silly not to". In "Sports"