The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Kanu, has sued the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami, over an alleged defamatory publication. Kanu, through his lawyer, Aloy Ejimakor, stated that the AGF allegedly defamed the IPOB leader when he claimed that the latter jumped bail, and had asked for N20bn for damages. Ejimakor, who shared copies of the suit on his Twitter page yesterday, noted that Malami’s defamatory publication was injurious to Kanu’s pending cases. The lawyer tweeted:“Last week, I filed  a suit against AGF Malami to stop him from making any further defamatory publication that Onyendu  Mazi Nnamdi Kalu jumped bail. Such publication is highly prejudicial and injurious to MNK’s other cases pending in various courts. It has to stop!” In the suit, dated January 13, Kanu demanded compensation following alleged defamatory and libelous claims against him. The  claimant (Kanu) in the suit demanded, “a declaration of this Honorable Court that, given the said Judgment of Abia State High Court, the Defendant’s published statements or utterances to the effect that Claimant jumped bail, as published in the said Vanguard newspaper publication, are libelous and defamatory; “An order of this Honourable Court directing the Defendant to retract the said Vanguard newspaper publication through another press statement to the Vanguard newspaper;  “An order of this Honourable Court directing the Defendant to write and deliver to the Claimant, an unreserved letter of apology. The letter of apology shall be prominently and boldly published full-page in two Nigerian Newspapers of national circulation, namely: Guardian Newspaper and Sun Newspaper. “An order of perpetual injunction restraining the Defendant from further and forever uttering the said defamatory and libelous words about or concerning the Claimant; “An order of this Honourable Court directing the Defendant to pay to the Claimant, the sum of N20,000,000,000.00 (Twenty Billion Naira only) being general and exemplary damages.” In September 2022, Ejimakor, on Kanu’s behalf, served a Legal Notice to Malami, notifying him of his (Ejimakor’s) intention to take legal action against him for his “defamatory and libelous statements that #MNK jumped bail.  Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB Leader Nnamdi Kanu, the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, has slammed another N20 billion suit against the Attorney-General of the Federation, Abubakar Malami. Kanu, through his lawyer, Aloy Ejimakor, stated that the AGF defamed the IPOB leader when he claimed that the latter jumped bail, and… In "News" A Federal High Court, Abuja has fixed Nov  18 for hearing a N20bn suit filed by the leader of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, against the Attorney-General of the Federation (AGF), Abubakar Malami, SAN. In "News" Court hears Nnamdi Kanu’s N20bn suit against Malami, NIA boss Nov 18 In "News"