By Biodun Busari  The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry, has alleged that his elder brother, Prince William of Wales, physically assaulted him. Harry made this known in his highly-anticipated upcoming autobiography “Spare” according to Guardian UK on Thursday. The Royal spare, Harry said the Royal heir, William, grabbed him by the collar and threw him to the floor during a fiery argument over his wife Meghan Markle.  Read also: Palace rift: I want my father and brother back – Prince Harry Prince Harry reveals cause of Meghan Markle’s miscarriage US funeral home owner, mother jailed for selling body parts The Prince of Sussex said the argument occurred in 2019 in which his brother physically “attacked” him. In an excerpt obtained from the book that will be made public on January 10, Harry recalled that the attack left him with noticeable injuries, including scrapes and bruises.  The argument allegedly broke out at his London home in 2019, during which William was said to have named Meghan ‘difficult’, ‘rude’ and ‘abrasive’ before tackling him to the ground. Harry accused his brother of “parroting the press narrative” about his wife before they screamed at each other which resulted in a physical squabble, the “Spare” has revealed.  In one dramatic citation, Harry said that William “grabbed me by the collar, ripping my necklace, and…knocked me to the floor.”  “Spare” is a forthcoming memoir by Prince Harry expected to be in the public domain in five days’ time.  With the release of the trailer, the royal feud is set to escalate with a claim that Buckingham Palace was “happy to lie” for his brother William. In "News" Prince Harry sees "no willingness to reconcile" in a palace rift where leaks portray him and his wife Meghan as villains, according to interview extracts released Monday. Harry, 38, said he would nonetheless like to get back his father King Charles III and brother William, heir to the British throne,… In "Foreign" Prince Harry said no one in Britain’s royal family wants to be king or queen and criticised a decision to force him to parade behind his mother Princess Diana’s coffin after her death in 1997. In "News"