By Olasunkanmi Akoni Tragedy struck on Wednesday evening, when a storey building at number 12 Aromire Avenue, opposite Dominos Pizza, Ikeja, suddenly collapsed killing one yet-to-be-identified person. The incident, according to eyewitnesses, occurred at about 6.45 pm, when the building, still under construction, partially collapsed. Permanent Secretary, of Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, LASEMA, Dr Femi Oke-Osanyintolu, confirmed the incident. According to Oke-Osanyitolu, “The agency responded to distress calls and upon arrival, discovered that a storey building formerly occupied by KUMS MART, was being worked on by unskilled labourers resulting in a partial collapse. “An adult male reported to be a welder lost his life instantly at the scene. His remains were recovered and removed from the scene. “Post-disaster assessment conducted by the agency’s Response Team, LRT, indicates that the building is stable and does not pose a threat to other buildings around. “The building has been cordoned off and officials of the Lagos State Building and Control Agency, LASBCA and Nigeria Police have been contacted for further action.”  By Olasunkanmi Akoni Tragedy struck in Lagos again, Friday, November 1st, when a two storey building, still under construction, suddenly collapsed at Glover Court, Ikoyi, Lagos. At press time, four out of the five trapped construction workers in the collapsed building were rescued, while the remaining worker was yet to… In "News" By Olasunkanmi Akoni Tragedy struck in Lagos again, Friday, November 1st, when a two-storey building, still under construction, suddenly collapsed at Glover Court, Ikoyi, Lagos.  At press time, four out of the five trapped construction workers in the collapsed building were rescued, while the remaining worker was yet to be… In "News" Tragedy struck on Thursday when a 5-year-old boy died and scores narrowly escaped death following the partial collapse of a distressed three-storey building in Adeniji Adele axis of Lagos State. In "Metro"