Nigerian street singer, Portable has fired back at music director, TG Omori for billing him $50,000 for a video shoot A screenshot of the private chat between the duo surfaced on social media with Portable asking how much TG Omori would shoot a video for. The video director replied “$50,000” to the shock of Portable who immediately protested the price. “Let me quickly go and do money rituals,” Portable wrote in Pidgin, in what was an attempt at sarcasm. In one of the voice notes, the ‘Zazoo Zeh’ crooner is heard asking TG Omori if he wants him to indulge in “rituals”. Both creatives have since been trending on Twitter, with many music lovers wading into the discourse. Recall Portable isn’t the first to protest Omori’s rates with Blaqbonez also doing same in 2022 after being billed $30,000. In 2019, Omori shot half of the videos on the summer 2019 charts countdown on MTV, Soundcity, and Trace. He directed videos for numerous musicians, including Naira Marley’s ‘Am I A Yahoo boy’, ‘Totori’ by Olamide & Wizkid, and ‘Soapy’ by Naira Marley which won Viewers Choice at the 2020 Soundcity MVP Awards Festival. In 2019, he won video director of the year at City People Entertainment Awards and directed two videos in the top 10 most viewed Nigerian music videos of 2019.  By Adeleye Adegboyega Afrobeats sensational superstar, Fireboy DML has released the official music video of his fire-cracker single, "Bandana" which features fast-rising music sensation, Asake. The video was released on Tuesday, 16th 2022, and was directed by creative director, TG Omori. In "Entertainment" Pop diva, Tiwa Savage has dropped the video for her latest smash hit single dubbed ‘Loaded’. In the video which was directed by TG Omori, both Tiwa and Asake displayed high sense of urban fashion which made the project colourful. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgeTnpTkzI0 The talented actress who featured Asake in the new… In "Entertainment" Rising music star, Fireboy DML  has dropped another hit single, ‘What if I say,’ after his waw song, 'Jealous.' In "Entertainment"