19 Big Brother Titans housemates have been put up for possible eviction in the first week of the ongoing Big Brother Titans. This will be the first eviction, and according to Biggie, is scheduled for Sunday, January 22, 2023. In all, 15 housemates got on the nomination list but some housemates had more nominations than others. Leading the nomination list is Nigeria’s Nana from Kaduna with eight nominations. She’s followed by South African Justin with five nominations, Khosi, Olivia, and Yemi Craigx with four nominations each, Tsatsii, JayPee, Lukay, and Jenni O with two nominations each. BlaqBoi, Yaya, Kanaga Jr, Marvin, and Nelisa all got one nomination each. However, six housemates weren’t nominated for possible eviction and they include Ipeleng, Yvonne, Ebubu, Juicy Jay, Thabang and Mmeli. In the same vein, Biggie announced that the names of nominated housemates won’t be revealed until Sunday, January 22, 2023 at the first live eviction show. Similarly, the first Head of House Mmeli was is yet to use his Veto power to save and replace. This is how the 20 housemates nominated themselves. Ipeleng – Jenni O and Olivia BlaqBoi – Yemi Craigx and Yaya Jenni O – Khosi and Tsatsii Olivia – Khosi and Yemi Craigx Yemi Craigx – Olivia and Nana Yaya – Nana and BlaqBoi Yvonne – Marvin and Tsatsii Justin – Nelisa and Nana Ebubu – Justin and Nana Juicy Jay – Nana and Justin Lukay – Olivia and Justin Kanaga Jr – Lukay and Olivia Nana – Yemi Craigx and JayPee JayPee – Yemi Craigx and Khosi Khosi – JayPee and Jenni O Thabang – Justin and Nana Marvin – Justin and Khosi Nelisa – Khosi and Nana Tsatsii – Nana and Lukay MMeli – Nana and Blaqboi   Housemates, Khafi Kareem, Mike Edwards, Tacha Akide and Seyi Awolowo are up for possible eviction. In "Entertainment"  Housemates Mercy, Frodd, Diane and Cindy have been out up for fake eviction. In "Entertainment" Seven housemates find themselves in the eviction firing line this week after Monday night’s Big Brother: The Chase nomination show. In "Showtime People"