The National Association of Nigeria Students (NANS) has decried the increase in registration fees by the University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID). The union also called for a downward review of the fee, noting that most of the students could not afford it. National Vice President of the association (Special Duties), Suleiman Muhammad-Sarki said this at a news conference on Thursday in Maiduguri. He dismissed the recent increase in the fee by the institution as unnecessary, as the North-East region was recovering from the insurgency. “Increment of any amount on registration charges will definitely lead to a huge number of school dropouts across the country. “The recent hike in registration charges by some Nigerian universities does not come to us as a surprise but as an affront to war against insurgency, banditry and kidnapping. “Students who are unable to pay the new fee might end up becoming dropouts and this will add to the rising number of youth restiveness in Nigeria, which may also in return increase the number of insurgents, bandits and kidnappers. “As a student who paid N30,000 last session, I could not afford to pay N74,000 now expected from the latest increase, and I may be forced to quit studies,” he said. The unionist urged the government and other stakeholders to intervene to enable indigent students to access quality education, adding that, “education remains a right not a privilege”. It is recalled that the university in a circular signed by the Registrar, Ahmed Lawan announced an upward review of registration fees and other charges. “The action is as a result of the rising cost of laboratory items, teaching and learning materials,” it said.  The Senate has directed the management of the University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID) to suspend the recent increment of tuition fees for students attending the institution. The upper chamber on Tuesday also mandated its Committee on Tertiary Education and TETFUND to investigate the matter in a bid to finding a lasting… In "Education" The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Friday expressed sadness over the death of 11 students of University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID) in an auto accident on Tuesday. In "News" The National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) says it will come up with measures to protect students in the North-East especially students in the University of Maiduguri (UNIMAID). In "News"