Presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP, Rabiu Kwankwaso said he will accept the defeat if the outcome of the 2023 presidential election follows due process.  Kwankwaso, stated this on Monday while speaking at a town hall meeting with staff and students of the University of Abuja (UNIABUJA). Read also: We ‘ll shock Kwankwaso in Kano —APC The NNPP presidential candidate stressed that the 2023 polls must be free and fair. He said, “I have no problem with accepting losing election. The best way to accept the 2023 election is by doing the right thing – free, fair and of course credible election.” Kwankwaso also promised to increase the numerical strength of the country’s armed forces, as part of his security strategy. He engaged with students and management staff of the university on his manifesto, which includes security, education, youth inclusivity, unemployment, and the economy. Kwankwaso said, “We have decided and it’s there in our blueprint that we will tackle the issue of insecurity. We are very angry that today, as we’re sitting here, we have so many people, young men and women being kidnapped. “We will give a lot of opportunity to the young men and women to serve this country as members of the armed forces, members of the police, members of the DSS and so on,” he said.  The Presidential Candidate of the New Nigeria People’s Party, NNPP,  Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso, on Wednesday, officially opened his campaign office around Fadeyi area along Ikorodu Road in Lagos. In "News" The New Nigeria Peoples Party has dismissed reports that its Presidential Candidate, Rabiu Kwankwaso, will contest the 2023 Presidential elections as running mate to his counterpart in the Labour Party, Mr Peter Obi. In "Politics" The ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) in Kano has declared that it has completed all plans to surprise the presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Rabiu Musa Kwankwaso and his supporters in the oncoming 2023 general elections with the overwhelming votes it will get. In "News"