By Adegboyega Adeleye Afrobeats sensational superstar, Chukwuka Ekweani popularly known as CKay, has earned another recognition in his stellar career. The talented singer, songwriter, and producer has reportedly been named the best-selling African artiste in the United States of America (USA) after his record-breaking international hit song ‘Love Nwantiti’ earned over 1.6 million dollars in 2022 — which is the largest amount ever achieved by an African artiste. Read Also: ‘Stop Brymo’: Over 8,000 Nigerians sign petition to prevent Brymo from winning 8th AFRIMA Award The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) declared ‘Love Nwantiti’ platinum after it sold more than a million copies in the US alone is the first song to achieve such a milestone and it has earned over 550 million on-demand streams in the USA. On Wednesday, January 11, 2023, CKay confirmed the latest achievement on his social media page after he retweeted the honourary post. The post said: “@ckay_yo’s “Love Nwantiti” was the #47 best-selling song of 2022 in the USA. “It becomes the 1st ever African song to achieve the milestone raking in over $1.6 million in 2022.  “It has earned over 550 million on-demand streams in the USA.”  By Adegboyega Remmy Adeleye Afrobeats sensational superstar, Chukwuka Ekweani popularly known as Ckay has revealed how the three Afrobeats giants, Wizkid, Burna Boy and Davido influenced him. Ckay in a series of tweets cautioned fans who disrespect the other while hyping their favorite saying they can do that without disrespecting… In "Entertainment" Wizkid By Adegboyega Adeleye Afrobeats superstar singer/songwriter, Wizkid won awards for his international/ record-breaking hit song "Essence" at the 2022 London BMI Awards. Meanwhile, Tems, CKay as well as producers P2J and Tempoe also took home awards for their work on 'Essence' and 'Love Nwantiti' respectively. Similarly, Joeboy and Kwame… In "Entertainment" Chocolate City CEO, Abuchi Peter Ugwu, has taken a trip down memory lane on his one year at the helms of affairs of the Record Label. According to him, leading the affairs of the label has been quite a handful. "It’s been over a year since I was appointed to… In "News"