Shina Abubakar, Osogbo Negative narratives against the All Progressives Congress, APC’s, presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu will not affect his chances of emerging as the next president of Nigeria. This was disclosed by the Chairman, of the Youth and Student Mobilization Directorate of the APC Presidential Campaign Council in Osun state, David Asalu, (Asler) during a strategic meeting with youths across the 332 wards of the state held at Tinubu-Shettima campaign office, Osogbo. He charged APC youths across the state to continue to recruit more young people into the Tinubu-Shettima project with a view to delivering the majority of youth votes for the party in the forthcoming elections in the state. “The marketability of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu notwithstanding, we must also acknowledge the efforts of agents of distraction who are pushing negative narratives about the person of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and his running mate, Sen. Kashim Shettima. These persons are making efforts to reach out to the youths, telling them tales that are destructive about our candidate and his running mate. We are aware of these efforts at maligning Asiwaju and Shettima. And we must rise against it. “We must engage in collective rebuttal of the negative narratives that agents of evil are pushing against the person of our candidate and his running mate. “Massive recruitment of youths and students into the support base of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and making them agents of mobilization themselves, to ensure that we take up the vast majority of voting youths in our State through the Wards is a major task for us to achieve ahead of February 25”, he added. Also speaking, the Secretary of the Directorate, Demola Adeyeye said the meeting was to review activities of the Directorate with relevant stakeholders with a view to improving its relationship with youth population in the state ahead of the General Elections in February and March. “We have been meeting different youths groups and organisations on the need to buy into the Tinubu-Shettima project, and the response we are getting is very encouraging. We are now ensuring that every polling unit in Osun is adequately covered. “We are stressing the need for serious legwork to convince older people that Tinubu’s project is the best for Nigeria at this time in our history. This requires that we all become door-to-door canvassers”, he added.  Presidency: ‘Negative narratives won't affect Tinubu's chances’ In "News" Youths in their hundreds thronged the major street of Osogbo, Osun state's capital to show solidarity for the Presidential and Vice Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and Senator Kashim Shettima. In "News" Buhari and Tinubu As President Muhammadu Buhari, APC Presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, his running mate, Senator Kashim Shettima, Deputy Senate President and APC Governorship Candidate for Delta state, Obarisi Ovie Omo - Agege, governors and other members of the party's campaign council arrive Warri, the Youth Directorate of… In "Politics"