By Declan Emelumba OF late, Sam Onwuemeodo, the lifelong chief press secretary to the dynasty of former governor of Imo State, Owelle Rochas Okorocha, has arrogated to himself the status of “guru” and “special adviser” to the government on public relations, information management, and public administration. Wired by this delusion, he proceeds to publicly present himself, even if facetiously, as the oracle of government image management. Even more silly, he dared to pontificate for Governor Hope Uzodimma and his government, how to manage information. Sadly, like a man estranged from history, particularly his own history, he is quick to draw comparisons on information management between the Okorocha era and the Uzodimma administration. Consequently, an Onwuemeodo, who did not only act deaf and dumb, but collaborated with Okorocha to embarrass everyone with many information management blunders, suddenly finds the effrontery to lecture the Uzodimma administration on the type of speech the governor should or should not present to an Editors Conference. He even went further to advise that the governor should be thrown into mourning when Ikenga Ugochinyere Imo’s house and vehicles were burned. This is pitiable and is tantamount to someone struggling in futility to give what he obviously does not have. It is really pitiable that this self-acclaimed professor of public information management, for all his “grandmastery”, could neither filter nor remediate the grotesque utterances, policies, and missteps of that fatal Okorocha regime? Onwuemeodo could not mount his high horse when Okorocha proclaimed that he purchased his second term as governor (as opposed to being elected by the people), or when he upgraded the wanton disobedience of court orders into a state policy. “Professor” Onwuemeodo could not also lecture his paymaster, Okorocha, when he denounced due process in governance or when he “proposed” and signed the abominable four-year rolling budget. He could not also find his voice when his boss berated pensioners for living too long, or when he chased civil servants into the bush in the name of compulsory farming. What was his response when he restricted the attendance of civil servants to three days a week. Indeed, the irony is obvious. A man who was part of the information management team of the Okorocha administration, which ended with the worst public image of a state government, draws from the same Okorocha information management strategy to pass his message. What a great pity! Now, while Ugochinyere and the PDP rushed almost immediately to point accusing fingers at the government, Sam Onwuemeodo believes that officials of the state government, particularly Governor Uzodimma, ought to have shredded their robes in mourning to show empathy, as the father of the state. Because that did not happen, Onwuemeodo says the governor is insensitive, inexperienced, this is coming from a man whose highest career point is serving as the chief press secretary to a state governor. Set aside Onwuemeodo’s insults to the governor’s person and office and examine the facts of the case, including the analogy of Rochas visiting Charlie Boy when his father died. Before the unfortunate incident at Akokwa, Ugochinyere claimed that he had earlier escaped a similar attack by gunmen. Indeed, the first thing he did was to accuse the state government of complicity. The matter had not even been investigated. To the best of my knowledge, the alleged attack has not been formally reported to the security agencies.  Yet Ugochinyere hastily concluded that it was the state government that was after him. The only “evidence” he presented was an audio recording wherein, according to him, he was heartless, and lacking in empathy. And threatened by an aide of the governor with whom he had a personal altercation. Assuming, but not conceding, that the said audio recording is genuine, when has it become a crime for a Nigerian citizen to express his disgust at insults on his person? But if there was not any premeditated motive to rope the state government in, could it not have made sense for Ugochinyere and his cohorts to wait for the police report before rushing to the public with that weighty and self-serving allegation?  And just when Uzodimma was celebrating his third year in office, with Nigerians hailing him for the massive infrastructural revolution he has wrought in the state, the Akokwa attack surfaced to take away the attention from the successes of the administration. Part of the plan is to sustain the evil narrative of a state mired in insecurity. Again, the matter had not even been officially lodged with the security agencies when Ugochinyere and his PDP collaborators flew off the handle to accuse Governor Uzodimma and his administration of culpability and responsibility for the attacks. Under that scenario, what was expected of the governor? To clear his name first, or to sympathise with his traducer? Let us be real and practical here. If a man is attacked by armed robbers, and he goes to the market square to accuse his father of being responsible for the attack, what should be the natural reaction of his innocent father? To sympathise with him or to clear his name of the false accusation? That is the issue here. And as it is clear, in his foolery, Onwuemeodo, who now postures as one who has acquired experience as both a governor and statesman, scolded Uzodimma for clearing his name. He went further to give the governor elementary lessons in governance and ethics by faulting the way he talked and reacted to the incident. To Onwuemeodo’s warped logic, Uzodimma, as the father of all, ought to have first sympathised with Ugochinyere, even when he stands falsely accused before the public. Yes, you sympathise with a son who acknowledges you as his father. You sympathise with even a prodigal child who comes to his senses and apologises for his gross misdeeds. You welcome a repented son home and show him love, not a heady one, or a chronic hallucinator, who relentlessly accuses the said father of plotting his downfall. That is the crux of the matter. Both the PDP and Onwuemeodo, as advocates for Ugochinyere, wanted the governor to have stopped the attacks.  If their minds were not obfuscated by hatred, if they had taken time to assimilate and analyse the governor’s response, they would have allowed their befuddled brains to comprehend the fact that Uzodimma said the attack was the result of disagreement among friends. Because they are not privy to the quantity of security reports available to the governor, they would never understand that what happened was a reaction to a breached agreement – the consequence of an action. What would have been the business of Uzodimma meddling with their agreement? Every adult is responsible for his actions or inactions.  In any case, government has since urged security agencies to do their jobs and share their findings with the people of Imo, as well as all Nigerians. Now, to the asinine analogy of Rochas visiting Charlie Boy when his father died. What Okorocha did was expected of the sitting governor at the time. Justice Chukwudifu Oputa was a former Chief Judge of Imo State as well as a retired Justice of the Supreme Court. Protocol demanded he be accorded a state burial, irrespective of the personal feelings of the sitting governor.  So what Rochas did was for the senior Oputa, and not the son. I presumed that since Onwuemeodo claims versatility in the arts of governance and diplomacy, he ought to have known the difference. He should also understand that assuming Uzodimma or any member of his administration is enjoying the wave of insecurity unleashed on the state by desperate and failed politicians who know themselves is illogical. It is inconceivable to even suggest, as Onwuemeodo did, that Uzodimma is using insecurity as a step towards achieving a second tenure. That is insane. And that is a wicked propaganda against an innocent man who has been in politics for 40 years and who has never been linked with any iota of violence. So how can he use the Imo people’s blood as a stepping stone to power?What kind of power? This could be the strategy employed by Onwuemeodo and his master during their disastrous era. But Uzodimma, as a man of peace, prefers a peaceful state to enhance development and spread the dividends of democracy in the state. Indeed, with the call by PDP for the Federal Government to declare a state of emergency in Imo State as a result of insecurity, we don’t need to look further for the sponsors of insecurity in the state. They had vowed to make the state ungovernable for Uzodimma. Seeing that their devilish plans are not working, they have come out openly to attempt to topple the governor through a state of emergency. But like all their plots, this latest shenanigan will also fail. That is why Onwuemeodo’s insolent and rambling tirade against the governor will be treated as a mere burden of leadership that has to be tolerated. The illogicalities can be dismissed as the ranting of one enslaved to self delusion, who consequently deludes himself into thinking that a bat can ever be classified as an animal. Or that elementary knowledge and limited regional exposure, can earn someone an automatic professorship. More importantly, the legacies of looting, tyranny, debauchery, nepotism, and institutional paralysis that characterized their reign of terror have rightly occupied the gloriously inglorious pages of our history books. Those indelible pages of history will continue to haunt the perpetrators. Now, for the record and in sharp contrast: Uzodimma has achieved in three years what that inglorious government could not achieve in eight years. The difference between the two administrations is like that between day and night. Incidentally, in my opinion, Imo people are enjoying the light of day. Their votes alone, with the grace of God, will determine Uzodimma’s fate, and not the bile of minions who think they can play God with no pedigree to show. As Abraham Lincoln one said, “You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time”. Emelumba is the Commissioner for Information and Strategy, Imo State  OWERRI—A popular Owerri-based lawyer, Mr. Kissinger Ikeokwu has described what he called the hastily conjured press release by Governor Okorocha’s Press Secretary, CPS, Mr. Sam Onwuemeodo, on the nullification of the  impeachment of the Deputy Governor, Prince Eze Madumere, by Justice Benjamin Iheka of the state High Court, as “not… In "News" Imo State government has beefed up security in the state, following alleged widely reported threat by the leadership of Zionist Biafra to storm Owerri and hoist the Biafran flag at Government House. In "News" Imo State Government has described as "most unfortunate and grossly embarrassing", the attempt by members of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, to disrupt Governor Rochas Okorocha’s speech at the world-famous Chatham House, London, which he was invited to deliver. In "News"