The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC said it has set aside additional 8,809  Bimodal Voters Accreditation System machines as back up that will be deployed across all the polling units nationwide for the 2023 elections. The National Commissioner and Chairman, Information and Voter Education Committee, Festus Okoye disclosed this on Wednesday. Read also: Court declares assets by INEC Chairman, Yakubu, legitimate  According to Okoye, the commission would deploy over 194,464 BVAS machines in 176, 846 polling units across the country. The commission, which took delivery of the last batch of the machines at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, on Tuesday, said this was in line with its contingency provisions for all critical election materials. Okoye explained that 176,846 polling units would receive a BVAS each, adding that each registration area amounting to 8,809, would also get at least two BVAS as backup in case of malfunction, bringing the total to over 194,464 BVAS machines. Okoye said “We have 176, 846 polling units in Nigeria. All of them will have a BVAS. Some polling units may still have more than 750 registered voters. We shall deploy additional BVAS to such polling units. “We have 8,809 registration areas in Nigeria. Each one will have at least two BVAS for purposes of quick intervention in cases of sustained malfunction of  BVAS in any of the polling units in each electoral ward.’’ Okoye, in an earlier statement, had disclosed that the commission received the last batch of the BVAS machines on Tuesday. He said the commission created four airport hubs in Abuja, Kano, Lagos, and Port Harcourt to facilitate the smooth delivery of the machines. The statement reads, “In furtherance of the preparations for the 2023 general election, the commission, yesterday, 3rd January 2023, received the last consignment of the bimodal voter accreditation machines with 52 days to the election. “The commission’s Chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, national commissioners and senior officials of the commission were at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport, Abuja, to receive the BVAS. Officials of the Nigeria Customs Service, the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company and airport security officials were at the airport to receive the INEC team. “To facilitate the smooth delivery of the machines, the commission created four airport hubs in Abuja, Kano, Lagos, and Port Harcourt. Over the last four months, several flights delivered the BVAS to the designated airports for movement to states of the federation ahead of the elections. ‘’With the arrival of the last flight in Abuja yesterday, the commission has now taken delivery of the required number of the BVAS for all the polling units in the country and extra machines in line with our contingency provisions for all critical election materials. “The commission appreciates the support of all Nigerians in its determination to conduct a free, fair, credible, transparent, and inclusive 2023 general election facilitated by the deployment of technology.”  All Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) needed for the 2023 general elections would be ready before December. The assurance was given in Abuja on Thursday by INEC’s National Commissioner and Chairman, Voter Education and Information Committee, Mr. Festus Okoye. He gave the assurance while speaking as a panellist at a… In "Politics" 2023: US govt threatens visa ban on election riggers, backs adoption of BVAS In "News" ...says results will be uploaded, viewed in real-time ...gives reasons for delayed collection of PVCs  By Ikechukwu Nnochiri ABUJA-- The Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, on Wednesday, said it would dutifully clean up the voters' register that will be used for the 2023 general elections. The Commission, through its Chairman,… In "News"