Ekiti state politician and Nkechi Blessing’s ex-lover, Opeyemi Falegan, has praised actor Alex Ekubo for his high moral standards. The actor’s sexuality has come up since his estranged fiance, Fancy Acholonu made a surprising revelation about him. However, Alex was supported by Opeyemi, who said that his celibacy lifestyle is evidence of his high moral standards. He said it is totally wrong to yell at the actor without first hearing his side of the story. Opeyemi cited himself as an example and said that he knows how it feels to be the victim of lies. Read Also  The Menu: Plot Summary — what the film is about Just In: FG inaugurates NDDC governing board US funeral home owner, mother jailed for selling body parts He said, “Calling him names (backshot) when u haven’t heard his own part of the story is unacceptable, unreasonable, offensive and also beyond the pale. “Lies sell more on social media than the fact. Have been a victim of lies on social media and I know how it feels. “Not having sex for years shows his high moral standards which to me requires a reasonable level of appropriateness fitness, suitability, morality, virtue modesty and purity. “Quite worthy of emulation. ( sperm retention) (a king I stan).”  Britain based PDP chieftain, Opeyemi Falegan has lamented the campaign of hate and disunity by the political parties ahead of the election and charged them to promote issues that pertain to the well-being of the people. In "Politics" Opeyemi Falegan, Nkechi Blessing By Ada Osadebe Ekiti state politician, Opeyemi Falegan has reacted to his ex-girlfriend, Nkechi Blessing’s statement that she used him as a rebound to get over her American ex-boyfriend, Mike Adeyemi. The politician took to his Instagram story where he lambasted the actress for disclosing that… In "Entertainment" By Ada Osadebe Nollywood Actress Nkechi Blessing has revealed a shocking reason why she dated the Ekiti state politician, Opeyemi Falegan. In an interview with TVC ‘Your Views’ hosts, Nkechi revealed that she only dated her Opeyemi Falegan in a bid to spite her American ex, Mike Adeyemi. Read also:… In "Entertainment"