Four allegedly die in Sapele cult war   Police confirms death of two  By Jimitota Onoyume Warri : Four persons have been allegedly shot dead in the ancient city of Sapele, Delta state by suspected cultists. Community sources told the Vanguard that  the killing occured between Tuesday and Wednesday, àdding that those allegedly  killed were three males and a female.  Three were allegedly shot along Mission road while  the fourth one was  along MacPherson road .  Vanguard gathered that one of those allegedly killed on Mission road operated a boutique and another had a drycleaning business on the road. At press time, there was still tenson and panic in the ancient city. ” We are in fear in Sapele. Cultists have literally held the town hostage. This one is not killings by Fulani herdsmen but by our youths. ” They just want to destroy the glory of our  Sapele, a home hospital to all.” Meantime , when contacted for comment on the  sad development the state Police Public relations officer, DSP Bright Edafe,  confirmed the death of two . ” Two dead from the Sapele cult clash”, his text message to Vanguard read.  Sapele a city  known in the 60s and 70s for its thriving sea Port business  and the moribund Africa Timber Plywood,   factory , ATP,  is fast sliding into  a city under siege with with several lives lost to cult related killings in the last two years.  ” Government , security agencies and community leaders should take decisive actions against insecurity in this land  arising from cult differences among youths and yahoo boys”, a resident who gave his name as Philip Tayo said.   Four persons have been allegedly shot dead in the ancient city of Sapele, Delta state by suspected cultists. In "News" Some group of cultists, yesterday at the urban axis of Sapele, Delta state,  allegedly raped a 15 year old girl multiple times during initiation into their group. In "Crime Alert" By Paul Olayemi The Delta State Police Command has arrested six suspected cultists alleged to have shot a man dead on Tuesday night in the Shell road area of Sapele Local Government Area of Delta State. The suspected cultists, Timothy Clark (27) Patrick Mbuk(29), Andrew Eleya(26), Gift Omofeye(26), Ogburang Samuel(31)… In "News"