The Edo State Police Command announced on Saturday that an unspecified number of travellers waiting to board a train from Igueben in Igueben Local Government Area of the state to Warri in Delta State, were kidnapped by suspected herdsmen. The command, in a press statement signed by its spokesman, Chidi Nwabuzor, stated that the incident happened at about 4.00pm. According to the statement, the suspected herdsmen, who were armed with AK-47 rifles, invaded the train station and shot sporadically into the air before herding an unspecified number of intending travellers into the bush. Read Also: ‘You can’t trust Mr Sell Everything or Mr Stingy’, Tinubu hits Atiku, Obi The statement added that in the process, some of the passengers sustained bullet wounds, just as the police disclosed that bush combing and rescue operations had begun to rescue those that were kidnapped. The statement added that in the process, some of the passengers sustained bullet wounds, just as the police disclosed that bush combing and rescue operations had begun to rescue those that were kidnapped. “The kidnappers who shot sporadically into the air before kidnapping some passengers left some persons with bullet wounds. The Area Commander, Irrua; the DPO (Divisional Police Officer) Igueben Division, and their men have visited the scene of crime with members of Edo State Security Network, local vigilante, and hunters with a view to protecting the lives and property of the remaining passengers. “Bush combing operations have commenced in order to rescue the victims and arrest the fleeing kidnappers. Further development will be communicated,” the statement explained.  By Ike Uchechukwu, Calabar At least nine persons were on Tuesday kidnapped by suspected herdsmen along Calabar-Ikom highway in Cross River state. Confirming the incident late Tuesday night to Vanguard on telephone , the Cross River state Commissioner of Police, CP Sule Balarabe said the incident took place at 17:15… In "Metro" THERE was tension in Abraka, Ethiope East Local Government Area, Delta State, Friday, following an attempt by suspected herdsmen to attack the railway station in the community. In "News" Men of the Ondo State Command of the South-West Security Network, code-named, “Amotekun” have rescued nine of the 12 abducted Lagos-bound travellers by suspected gunmen in the state. The state Commander of Amotekun, Mr Adetunji Adeleye, told newsmen in Akure on Thursday that the victims were rescued after his men… In "News"