A former All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship aspirant in the 2023 primary election in Sokoto State, Amb. Faruk Yabo, has joined the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) ahead of the general elections. Yabo, the immediate past Ambassador of Nigeria to Jordan and the APC running mate in the 2019 governorship election, appeared at the PDP campaign rally in Yabo Local Government Area of the state on Wednesday. Addressing the gathering, Gov. Aminu Tambuwal, said they were at Yabo for a thank you visit as the acceptance of Yabo to join PDP has concluded campaign for the party in the area. “Today remains one of our most successful days in the history of democracy in Sokoto state. “My brother, your formal declaration of returning to PDP, your party was long awaited and it is a great development in the task ahead of us. “This remains a positive signal indicating PDP will emerge victorious in Sokoto state and Nigeria in general,” Tambuwal said. Tambuwal, the Director General of the PDP presidential campaign council thanked the people of Yabo for their sustained support to PDP. Speaking, Yabo said he returned to PDP, “the party of dignity and trust.” He thanked the people of the state in general and Yabo LGA in particular for their sustained solidarity with him, soliciting for massive support for PDP in the forthcoming elections. The PDP gubernatorial candidate, Malam Sa’idu Umar, pledged to maintain the legacy and the dynamic style of Tambuwal, if elected. Umar assured the gathering that he would run a people-friendly government that would execute the desired needs of the society.  WITH the defection of Governor Aminu Tambuwal from the All Progressives Congress, APC, to the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, political permutations of who becomes the next governor of the state have become more open. It is left to the elite of Sokoto State, leaders of the APC in the state… In "News" The battle for the governorship ticket of the Congress for Progressive Change, CPC in Sokoto state rages on with claims and counter-claims between an aspirants, Alhaji Dahiru Yusuf Yabo and the State Chapter of the party at the party congress, which took place recently. In "News" The Governorship, National and States Assemblies Election Petition Tribunal in Sokoto State has order for supplementary elections in six polling units of Sokoto North II Constituency in the State Assembly. In "News"