By Yinka Kolawole The Federal Government through the office of Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM) has assured Russian investors of improved security for investments in the country, adding that the government is also tackling bureaucratic challenges hindering Foreign Direct Investments (FDIs). Chairman/Chief Executive Officer, NIDCOM, Mrs. Abike Dabiri-Erewa, speaking at a business forum organised by Nigeria in Diaspora Organisation (NIDO), Russian Chapter, said Nigeria remains the investment destination for FDIs. Her words: “There are many Nigerians in Russia who want to come back home and invest as Russia is also looking to Africa for investment. We have our challenges, but there is no doubt about the fact that Nigeria is still a destination for investment. “There is no where you cannot invest in Nigeria. We are blessed. We are solving bureaucratic challenges to attract investments. We will solve our problems. Insecurity is still a challenge, but it is being tackled.” On his part, the Senior Special Assistant on Diaspora and Foreign Relations to the Lagos State Governor, Jermaine Sanwo-Olu, said the Lagos State government is the most diaspora friendly government in the federation. Chairman, NIDO Russia, Sampson Uwem-Edimo, said the purpose of the event is to make Nigerians living outside Nigeria to understand the need to look back home and try to contribute economically into the country. “We want to make Nigerian companies and Nigerians living in Russia cooperate with Nigerians living here, producing agricultural products to ship it directly to Russia to balance the trade,” he said.  The chairperson of the Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM), Abike Dabiri-Erewa welcomed the 411 first batch of Nigerians evacuees escaping the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In "Ukraine Live Updates" From left Amb. Georg Steiner, Swiss Ambassador to Nigeria and Hon Abike Dabiri-Erewa, Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission on her official visit to the Swiss Embassy in Abuja. Diaspora Reintegration,  Diaspora Data Mapping and Capacity Building are some major issues put on the table by the Chairman/CEO, Nigerians in Diaspora Commission… In "News" As part of its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) programme, the Managing Director, Nigerian Ports Authority (NPA), Ms Hadiza Bala Usman, on Wednesday donated some office equipment, computers and accessories to Hon Abike Dabiri–Erewa, Chairman/CEO Nigerians in Diaspora Commission (NIDCOM). Represented by Mr Edward Dauda Kabir, General Manager, Monitoring and Compliance… In "News"