Canadian Police have arrested one Nigerian and declared the other wanted for having fraudulently issued and sold 250 airline tickets to unsuspecting customers, valued at $500,000. According to Canadian Police, between June and December of 2021, the suspects claimed they were working for travel agencies based out of the United Kingdom and accessed a secure online booking portal of a major European airline. “It is alleged that these two individuals,Gbemisola Akinrinade, and Adebowale Adiatu, fraudulently sold valid flight tickets to unsuspecting customers and collected the payments to benefit themselves financially,” police said in release. Police said the majority of those who bought the fraudulent tickets were from the Calgary area and the flights were mainly to Africa. CityNews reported that Police arrested Adebowale Adiatu, a 32-year-old man from Vaughan and charged him with Fraud Over $5,000, Conspiracy to Commit an Indictable Offence, and Possession of Property Obtained by Crime. An arrest warrant has been issued for Gbemisola Akinrinade, a 44-year-old woman from Brampton. She is wanted for Obtain by False Pretense, Unlawful Use of a Computer, Fraud Over $5,000, Possession of Property Obtained by Crime, Conspiracy to Commit an Indictable Offence, and Fraud Under $5,000.  The International Police Organisation, INTERPOL said on Tuesday that 140 individuals had been nabbed globally for using fake and stolen credit cards to purchase airplane tickets. It said that an international law enforcement operation targeting the purchase of airplane tickets using stolen or fake payment card details had resulted in… In "News" By Evelyn Usman Operatives of the Rapid Response Squad, RRS, of the Lagos State Police Command have smashed a syndicate that specialized in advertising telephones on an online marketplace- Jiji.com, only to exchange it with a fake one , while delivering them to customers in Lagos. Arrested were two suspected… In "Crime Alert" Air Peace has issued hundreds of free business and economy class tickets to its loyal customers who have earned enough points under the airline’s frequent flyer programme tagged “Peace Advantage.” In "Aviation"