Hajia Titi Atiku Abubakar, wife of the presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP), has said that her husband, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, would reset Nigeria, if elected. Abubakar said this at a town hall meeting with Ogun women on Saturday in Abeokuta. According to her,  good governance is not new to her husband, hence, his resolve to take up the challenge to be the  next president of Nigeria. Abubakar said that her husband was instrumental to the success recorded during former President Olusegun Obasanjo’s eight year’s tenure. She described her husband as a unifier, capable of fixing the various challenges facing the nation. Abubakar said her husband, if elected, would tackle the  challenges of insecurity, unemployment,  poverty,  among others, adding that her husband had enough experience to deliver the country. “Atiku has done it as a Vice President, he has enough experience to lead the country. “He is instrumental towards the creation of ICPC, EFCC and GSM evolution during the Obasanjo’s regime. If you vote Atiku, he will do more,” she said. Abubakar urged Ogun State women to see themselves as nation builders, saying that they played a key role in the socio-economic development of the nation. She said that if her husband is elected, she would be the first Yoruba woman to occupy the office of the First Lady. Abubakar also promised to ensure speedy fulfilment of all election promises made by her husband. According to her, only a woman can know the pains of her fellow women and she will ensure that women were placed in the front burner of quality governance. Abubakar urged the women to get their Permanent Voter Cards (PVC) saying “your PVC is a pilot to a better life”. Also Speaking, PDP National Woman Leader, Prof. Stella Effah-Attoe, said that PDP government had always ensured a better life for the citizens. Effah-Attoe urged the women not to keep their PVCs inside wardrobes after collection, but to ensure they go out enmasse and vote PDP candidates. The wife of the PDP governorship candidate in the state, Adenike Adebutu, commended Abubakar for always fighting the cause of Nigerian women and children. Adebutu also called on the women not to allow themselves to be disenfranchised by ensuring that they collected their PVCs before the deadline  Hajiya Titi Atiku Abubakar, wife of the Presidential Candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar has said that her husband is a man of integrity, stressing that she married him for his honesty and patriotism. In "News" Wife of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential candidate, Mrs. Titi Abubakar has given the assurance that she will end child labour and abuse if Atiku Abubakar is elected as the president of Nigeria in February election. In "News" Makurdi—Wife of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, presidential candidate, Mrs. Titi Abubakar, has said her husband, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, would end frequent clashes between herders and farmers that have led to killings and destruction of property in Benue State, if elected president. In "News"