By Charly Agwam – Bauchi Former Chief of Air Staff and gubernatorial candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Bauchi, Air Marshal Sadique Abubakar (rtd), has chided Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State over inconsistent salary and pension payment to civil servants in the State. Abubakar said this in Bauchi on Thursday during the inauguration of a Tinubu Presidential Support Group, Lobito, to mobilise grassroots votes for him and the presidential candidate of his party. “It is very sad that our workers cannot get their payment. It is very sad that someone will serve a state for 35 years and he won’t be paid pension and gratuity. We will change all these by God’s grace. We will create employment for our youths and empower the women for economic prosperity,” he said. Sadique also said that it is pertinent to elect all APC candidates to end the administration of Governor Bala Mohammed, who he said was not paying workers as and when due. “We appreciate this group’s support and, by God’s grace, we will deliver the dividends of democracy equitably and our workers will be paid at the end of every month,” he added. He further promised to boost the agricultural potential of the State by assisting the farmers with inputs, training and information on improved methods. Chairman, Steering Committee, Lobito Group 4 Asiwaju, Idris Lanzai, and the Secretary, Usman Darazo, pledged to mobilise more grassroots votes to make APC victorious at the polls.  Thousands of supporters of the All Progressives Congress APC have angrily left the venue of the presidential campaign rally as the party's presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu could not address them over an audio malfunction at the Abubakar Tafawa Balewa Stadium in Bauchi. In "Don't Miss" Governor Mohammed Abubakar of Bauchi State has denied tampering with the bailout funds given to the state by the Federal Government. In "News" Civil servants in Bauchi have expressed gratitude to the administration of Governor Muhammed Abubakar over the early payment of salaries. In "News"