The Governing Council of the International Society of Diplomats (ISD) has appointed a Nigerian, Mr Tunji Asaolu, as its Deputy Secretary-General. This is contained in a statement issued by the Secretary-General of ISD, Manuel Fernandez on Thursday in Abuja. Fernandez in a statement said that Asaolu’s appointment was confirmed on Dec. 30, 2022, and with immediate effect. He said Asaolu has been confirmed as Deputy Secretary-General, of African Affairs and Ambassador to the African Union by ISD for an initial two years term that is renewable for another two years. “I am pleased to convey to you, the approval of your appointment as the Deputy Secretary-General, African Affairs by the Governing Council of ISD. “By this appointment, you are also admitted into the International Advisory Council. “In line with the mandate of ISD, you are expected to liaise with the international headquarters in discharging the functions of this office, and develop programmes and activities. “Provide regular updates on ISD progress; promote international cooperation with other relevant authorities. “Provide expert advice on issues related to your line of duties, including International diplomacy, economy, trade and investment, peace and social justice.” ISD is an A-class international organisation with a core mandate to promote diplomacy through friendship, trade, investment, international cooperation, peace and social justice, for the development and advancement of humanity.  ISD appoints humanitarian activist, Ozegbe Special Envoy to Nigeria In "News" African Union ECOSOCC has endorsed Justice Bello . The endorsement was announced by the Nigeria Representative, African Union ECOSOCC, Dr. Tunji Asaolu when he led his team to visit the Chief Judge in his Chambers on Tuesday in Abuja. In "News" The Africa Union (AU) has stated that the National Youth Service Corp (NYSC) can be richer than Dangote because the scheme is accepted in all parts of the country for the skills it has and is still imparting in the youths. To this end, the AU has indicated its willingness… In "News"