Actress, Yvonne Jegede has said that ladies tolerate cheating more than men in marriages. Jegede said this while commenting on extra-marital affairs while on a show on TVC. She said women tolerate cheating more than men because they have “bigger hearts” and “motherly instincts”. “My own take on this issue of cheating is that I think why men don’t tolerate women cheating is that they don’t have a big heart,” the actress said. “Women have bigger hearts, we can tolerate, we can forgive even with our day-to-day people we come across and stuff like that. “Women are nurturers, so motherly instincts a lot of times help us contain some certain situations that we find ourselves in. So for men that can’t take it like you said if you find out and it’s a secret then you guys can manage it. Jegede described men as children, saying she never used to believe such until her encounters with them revealed that. “There are cases when it comes out like that. First of all, men are like children, they’ve said that thing a thousand times. I never used to believe it so much until I entered into it and I got a lot older. “Then I see some people I probably have a relationship with and I go home and I’m like, ‘what’s The former difference?’ “I think they really don’t grow. I see my son throw tantrums and I’m like, ‘this is the same thing this man just did.”  Nollywood actress, Yvonne Jegede who recently got divorced, is now begging her old toasters to come back as she is now out of relationship. In "Entertainment" Beautiful actress, Yvonne Jegede celebrated her birthday on Thursday August 25, 2016 and she got a loving proposal from Bukky Ajayi’s son, popularly known as Abounce. She has confirmed that there was a marriage proposal from Bukky Ajayi’s son to which she said yes. In "Entertainment" Nollywood actress Yvonne Jegede who is known for her amazing role interpretation skills, made her directorial debut as she directed two short films, “Separation” and “Wife Of The Year”. In "Entertainment"