Nigerian musician, Ikechukwu Onunaku, has spoken out about his current health issues which have rendered him bedridden. Ikechukwu shared his experiences during a Daddy Freeze Instagram Live session on Tuesday. The singer claimed he is currently suffering from an illness called herniated disc and acute sciatica which have rendered his entire right side paralyzed. He stated that the illness has kept him bedridden and he is currently using crutches. When asked if he was still in Nigeria, Ikechuckwu said he left the country already to seek better medical care abroad after being dissatisfied with what he got. Read Also Brymo under fire over remark on Igbo presidency Man United considering January move for Ajax star Mohammed Kudus He said, “Baba I get herniated disc and acute sciatica and it paralyzed my whole right side, lumbar 4 and 5. A whole me can you imagine, na bed wen I don dey since. “Baba, if you see me, I’m not same person you knew before, the guy who does backflips left and right. “To waka dey pain me. I no fit waka. “I pulled it on the 17th in the morning, and instead of calming down, I went to a show I was booked for, the following day, I couldn’t get out of bed. After two more days of dealing with the pain, I had to rush to Evercare Hospital around 3 a.m. “They put drips in both of my hands with painkillers, which only lasted a little bit, and I no won risk my life with Nigerian healthcare again, so I just got a ticket straight to Yankee.”  Sixteen-year-old Theophilus Eniola is currently battling with a life-threatening bone disease, chronic osteomyelitis. The disease, according to medical experts, is a severe, persistent and sometimes incapacitating infection of the bone and bone marrow. In "Health" By Okey Ndiribe & EMMAN OVUAKPORIE ABUJA—A member of the Federal House of Representatives, Chriscato Ameke Ikechukwu, yesterday cried out that his constituency in Anambra East and West had been submerged in flood. Anambra East and West Federal Constituency of Anambra State appears to be the worst hit by the… In "News" Former captain of the thennational team, Green Eagles Abiodu Olajide died Tuesday, August 23, 2011 in Lagos after a protracted illness. In "Sports"