Barcelona coach Xavi Hernandez has said that he is in “a state of shock” after Dani Alves’s arrest on sexual assault allegations. The 39-year-old defender, sacked by his Mexican club Pumas after his arrest, is being held in custody without bail in Barcelona. The charge of sexual assault in Spain can mean anything from unsolicited and unwanted sexual groping to rape. While police declined to give details on the case, a source close to the investigation told AFP that Alves is accused by the woman of rape. She reiterated her accusation before the judge on Friday, the source added. Alves, who played for Barcelona for eight seasons between 2008-2016, rejoined the Catalans for a short spell last season under his former team-mate Xavi. “It is hard to speak about a situation like this, first of all,” Xavi told a news conference on Saturday, the day before his team’s clash with Getafe in La Liga. “I think like everybody, I am surprised, taken aback, I am in a state of shock, knowing Dani. “That’s the first thing that comes to mind. And after that, because it’s a matter for the law, and the law will run its course, we cannot get into it. “Regarding Dani, I feel bad for him, I am surprised, given how Dani is, and how he has been when he was here with us. “(I’m) surprised, taken aback, I can’t say anything else.” Catalonian police said they received a complaint on January 2 from a woman who accused Alves of sexual assault. The alleged sexual assault took place at a popular Barcelona nightclub overnight December 30-31, according to Spanish media reports. Alves was a key player in Barcelona’s golden era, winning three Champions League trophies with the club, and six La Liga titles. The Brazilian also played for Sevilla, Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus among other sides.  Alves A Spanish court on Friday ordered Brazil defender Dani Alves to be held in custody without bail after he was arrested in Barcelona on allegations he sexually assaulted a woman. A Barcelona judge took the step after questioning the 39-year-old player regarding "events that allegedly took place at a… In "Sports" Dani Alves Mexico's Pumas announced Friday that they had terminated Dani Alves' contract after the veteran Brazil defender was arrested and remanded in custody in Spain on allegations of sexual assault. The Pumas, who signed Alves last July, "made the decision to terminate the player's employment contract with just cause,"… In "Sports" Brazil defender Dani Alves was taken into custody in Spain on Friday over allegations that he sexually assaulted a woman at a Barcelona nightclub in December, police said. The 39-year-old was summoned to a Barcelona police station where he was "taken into custody" and will now be questioned by a… In "Sports"