— l remain in APC despite court’s verdict By Dayo Johnson, Akure The South-West Zonal Director, Social and Humanitarian Directorate of the All Progressive Congress, Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Alex Ajipe, has said that the opposition parties in the zone have no structure to win the next month’s election. Ajipe told newsmen in Akure that the party will clear all the elections in the zone. The former senatorial aspirant of.the party in Ondo North Senatorial District said that ” I don’t believe in the ideology of PDP, if anybody in PDP believes that they can win this election the person is wasting his or her time because there is nothing that can make PDP win this election, there is no structure.” He said that the governors of the party in the zone have performed excellently well and it would translate to massive votes in the coming elections. Speaking on his senatorial ambition and the outcome of his legal action, Ajipe, said that he had decided to support Jide Ipinsagba as the candidate of the party. Ajipe denied the rumour that he was planning to defect to another party because of the outcome of his legal suit instituted against lpinsagba. According to him ” At the moment, I still remain in my party, APC and I am going to campaign for everybody who is today candidates that are recognized by the INEC. I remain the Director of the Social and Humanitarian Directorate of the PCC of the APC. “I’m going to campaign for the likes of our Northern Senatorial District candidate, Jide Ipinsagba and others, and even we have started campaigning for them with our branded vehicles where we put their pictures and names, I have no grudges against him, (Jide Ipinsagba) because politics is about interest. “Besides, we are going to nooks and crannies of Ondo state and the entire South-West to campaign massively for all the candidates of the party. So, I’m using this opportunity to appeal to all my supporters that I’m still in APC and we will all work together for the party. “We will remain here, we believe in what we know, we believe in the majority and we believe in God Almighty and if we continue pursuing it we will get there one day. Is not only when you become Senator that you can benefit people, there are a lot of opportunity that is still coming. “APC is our home, we will strengthen and democratise it and we believe that we will get the reward that we deserve at the end of the day”. ” The senatorial candidate of the PDP, North Senatorial District is from my zone, Federal Constituency and as a matter of fact he is my friend. “But this is a party affair and it is all about business and politics is not about your brother or sister. If I wanted to work for him, I would have been in PDP but as far as I’m in APC, I will work for my party and the candidates. “There is no structure in PDP that can win this election in Ondo state. My kinsman, Tokunbo Modupe is a gentleman but he cannot win this election. “The position I am in now is a position of responsibility, recognition to the party, and Bola Ahmed Tinubu is someone that I love personally, he is a human capital developer. We have a lot of his products today that nobody can deny across the globe. Ajipe added that “We want to vote for an economist, Tinubu that we believe that at the end of the day, we will be able to do the needful.  Pic: Chief Alex Ajipe By Dayo Johnson, Akure In a bid to boost the Presidential campaign of the All Progressive Congress candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, the Director, Social and Humanitarian (South-west), of the Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Alex Ajipe, has donated six campaign offices, ten branded vehicles to all the… In "News" Ahead of the 2023 election, a frontline senatorial aspirant for the Ondo North Senatorial District on the platform of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Chief Alex Ajipe, has asked delegates to choose wisely and consider the future of the younger generations. In "News" The Emancipation for Good Governance Group, Akoko has reiterated the need for a change of leadership during the next Senatorial Election in Ondo North Senatorial District which is scheduled for the year 2023. This was made known by the group's spokesperson, Mr. Ilesanmi Akinwumi through a communique issued on behalf… In "News"