Chelsea have reached a verbal agreement to sign Joao Felix on loan from Atletico Madrid. According to Fabrizio Romano, a deal of €11m fee with 100% salary covered by Chelsea has been reached to see the Portuguese play the remainder of the season at the Bridge. The report also claimed that Felix will travel to London in the next few hours to undergo medical tests as he looks to complete the switch to the English giants. João Félix to Chelsea, here we go! Full verbal agreement reached, loan move on €11m fee with 100% salary covered by Chelsea. 🚨🔵 #CFCBefore leaving, JF will extend contract with Atléti until 2027.João will fly to London in the next hours to undergo medical tests and sign. pic.twitter.com/F5aYKMgspa— Fabrizio Romano (@FabrizioRomano) January 10, 2023 Read Also Serena Williams baptized as a Jehovah’s Witness Chelsea considering move for PSV winger Noni Madueke Felix, who has reportedly fallen out of favour with coach Diego Simeone, has shown flashes of form this season for Atletico with his last performance being against Barcelona at the weekend. However, both he and Atletico Madrid team have struggled for consistency as he has only scooped five goals and three assists in 20 club appearances this season. The 23-year-old had since been a subject of interest from various English clubs including Manchester United and Arsenal.  By Efosa Taiwo Chelsea have shown interest in signing Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix on loan in January. The Blues are out to reinforcing their attacking unit as they are currently the lowest scorers in the top half of the Premier League this season. With David Fofana already signed, Graham Potter still… In "News" Chelsea striker Alvaro Morata will join Atletico Madrid on a permanent basis after the end of his 18-month loan deal, the clubs announced on Saturday. In "News" By Efosa Taiwo Aston Villa have joined the race to sign Atletico Madrid forward Joao Felix in January. Felix is set to leave Atletico Madrid in January with the club open to offers for the Portuguese international. The 23-year-old has started just five of Atleti’s 14 La Liga matches this campaign,… In "Sports"