Director of Special Projects and New media of the Tinubu/Shettima presidential campaign Council, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has claimed that presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar is sick and currently in London for treatment.  Fani-Kayode made this claim in a tweet via his verified Twitter handle on Sunday. Read also: Atiku’s fit, in London to honour UK govt’s invitation — Dino Melaye replies FFK He tweeted, “Yet again Mr. Privatise Everything fell dangerously ill & ran to Dubai for a “stich it up” procedure. Watch how he walks & you will know what’s going on. Now he is on his way to the UK to beg British MP’s for their support. Must he bend the knee for the Brits too? Truly shameful.” Meanwhile, the Atiku-Okowa Presidential Campaign Organisation has urged Nigerians to  disregard what it called  “the lies of unrepentant liars” against the Presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar who is currently in London.  The Campaign Office said Atiku is in London on the invitation of the Government of the United Kingdom.  Spokesperson and Director Public Affairs PDP Presidential Campaign Management Committee, Senator Dino Melaye,  in Abuja, on Sunday.  He said, “Atiku is 100% fit and in super form healthwise. The British Government invited the leading presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, just like they had invited Bola Tinubu and Peter Obi earlier.  “Nigerians should henceforth disregard drug induced statements propelled by Ikebe super like online medium.”  The Director of New Media for the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Council, Femi Fani-Kayode said the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) Peter Obi can't spend five minutes in a debate with his counterparts, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC and Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples… In "News" Fani-Kayode tackles Obaseki over break-up comment In "News" Femi Fani -Kayode Director of Public Engagements, Special Operations/Projects and New Media of the Tinubu/Shettima Presidential Campaign Organisation, Femi Fani-Kayode has described the presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP, as a ‘destructive force' and incapable of unifying Nigeria. Fani-Kayode made this assertion in a press statement signed by… In "News"