Embattled lawmaker representing Adamawa North Senatorial District in the Ninth National Assembly, Senator Ishaku Abbo said he will appeal a court judgement disqualifying him from contesting the senatorial seat in the 2023 general elections on the platform of the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC. The lawmaker, who made this vow in an interview with Channels Television, described the court ruling as cash and carry judgement. Read also: Court sacks Elisha Abbo from contesting APC’s senatorial election A court ruling at the state High Court 3 presided over by Justice Danladi Mohammed had sacked the embattled lawmaker from contesting in the forthcoming elections. Justice Mohammed, while delivering judgement, held that the embattled Senator and the APC are bound by the resolution of Mubi North Local Government Executives dated October 7, 2022, which expelled him, saying that he is not entitled to enjoy any right or privilege accorded to APC members. Abbo, however, described the court ruling as cash and carry judgement. He lamented that the court is said to be the last hope of the common man but has sadly become cash and carry. According to him, the ruling is flawed because those who purportedly expelled him from the party are not local government party executives and therefore have no jurisdiction to expel him. Abbo insisted that he will appeal the case in the Court of Appeal and therefore called on his supporters to remain calm. Meanwhile, according to the APC constitution, it is only the ward executive of the party that has the right to punish any erring member of the party and not the local government or even the state exco. He added that the presiding judge had once issued a restraining order on the local government exco from parading themselves as exco.  A Yola High Court presided over by Justice Mohammed Danladi Tuesday sacked Senator Ishaku Abbo as the APC Senatorial candidate for Adamawa North senatorial zone for this year's election. In "Don't Miss" The 2023 electioneering atmosphere begins in Adamawa state with the defection of top notches in the political sphere of the state; Adamawa former Governor, Bala James Ngilari, the Senator representing Adamawa Northern zone, Mr. Ishaku Abbo and Senator Abdulaziz Nyako. Most of the defectors were aggrieved members who lamented being… In "News" By Michael V. Bolgent Senator Ishaku Abbo of the Adamawa North Senatorial District has warned the Adamawa State Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri not to “constitute himself to be the chief security threat” instead of being “the chief security officer of the state”. The senator made this clear in a letter… In "Politics"