The Actors Guild of Nigeria (AGN) has called on the Police to apprehend actress Empress Njamah’s ex-lover, George Wade, who was alleged to have  recently leaked a nude video of the actress. In a statement by the National President of AGN, Emeka Rollas, the guild described the incidence as absolute violation of the right and dignity of Njamah. Recall that Wade was alleged to have released the actress’s nude videos as a form of blackmail. Rollas said that the guild vehemently condemned the release of the private videos of its member, Njamah, on the social media. According to him, this is an act of blackmail calculated to smear the actress’s image and publicly ridicule her by a man who claims to be her lover. He noted that this was not only criminal but also evil and unacceptable. Rollas said: “It is worthy to note that exposing nude videos and photographs of a person, injures her right to privacy is a serious offence. “Actors Guild of Nigeria stands with Empress Njamah on this and shall provide full support in areas of counselling to help her recover from the psychological and emotional trauma she is currently passing through. “We have been in forefront of campaign of violence against women and we view the action of this so-called evil lover man as an act targeted at eroding her dignity and self-respect. “We call on the law enforcement agents to apprehend the culprit and ensure he faces the full wrath of the law for violating the right and dignity of Empress Njamah. “We urge her fans to give her their full support at this time, she will come through this stronger and better.”   By Efosa Taiwo Nigerian actors under the aegis of the Actors Guild of Nigeria have knocked the release of the nude videos of actress, Empress Njamah. Recall that the estranged fiancé of the Nollywood actress, George Wade, allegedly shared the nude video of the actress. It was reported that Wade… In "Entertainment" George Wade, the estranged fiance of Nollywood actress, Empress Njamah has come under fire on social media for allegedly sharing the nude video of the actress. According to reports, Wade created a WhatsApp group where he added multiple people and began posting naked videos he took of the actress in… In "Entertainment" By Ada Osadebe George Wade, the estranged fiance of Nollywood actress, Empress Njamah has denied the alleged accusation of him being behind the nude scandal that went viral a few days ago. Recall that Empress Njamah was making waves on the internet a few days ago, after her nudes were… In "Entertainment"