By Bashir Bello, Kano Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano State on Sunday unveiled a State Anthem in an effort to inculcate patriotism maximally in citizens of all categories.  Speaking at the unveiling ceremony, Ganduje promised that his administration would do everything possible to continue preserving the history, culture and business excellence of the state, for the overall development of the country. In a statement by his Chief Press Secretary, Abba Anwar, Ganduje commended his wife, Professor Hafsat Abdullahi Ganduje for her ingenuity in kick starting the process that resulted into the development of the state Anthem.  “I am glad to see that, what Her Excellency, my dear wife, Prof. Hafsat Abdullahi Ganduje thought of, in developing State Anthem, has come to fruition. She did well and she deserves our commendation.  “We are here in order to show love for our state, our culture, our costumes, our history and to appreciate our state in general. “Ours is to promote love, deep sense of responsibility and to also show the greatness of our dear state. As our national Anthem is bringing us together for the service and unity of our motherland, so also this state Anthem will follow the same pattern at the state level,” he maintained.  For the state Anthem to gain more ground, the governor noted that, “We are taking this Anthem to the State House of Assembly for legislation. That whenever we have any public function, after singing the National Anthem, State Anthem will always follow.” The Anthem showcases how the state excels in commerce, traditional leadership, scholarship, agriculture and hospitality, that stem from rich culture and history.  Governor Abdullahi Umar Ganduje of Kano state Friday lost his mother, Hajiya Fadimatu Umaru Ganduje. In a statement by Madakin Ganduje Alhaji Sama'ila Umar, the 95 years old woman joined her ancestors by 7am. In "News" By Abdulmumin Murtala - Kano The Election Petition Tribunal led by Justice Halima Shamaki sitting in Kano has dismissed the case before it thereby affirming Governor Abdullahi Ganduje as duly elected governor of the state. The case filed by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, seeking the nullification of the election… In "News" An African Group of Democrats under the aegis of African Democracy Assessment Network (ADAN) based in Dakar, Senegal, has selected Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano state to be honoured with an award of “Best Governor in 100 Days in office’’. In "News"