The first season of Big Brother Titans gets underway today with viewers across the African continent set to be tuned in for the maiden instalment of the TV reality show. The show is a fusion of the South African and Nigerian versions of the Big Brother franchise; and is expected to be explosive with spellbinding entertainment. With the countdown to its start ticking, here are five facts you need to know about the show: Ultimate Prize The winner of the show will walk home with a grand prize of $100,000 with other housemates to also win mouth-watering prizes during their stay in the house. Duration The show will treat viewers to undiluted entertainment for 10 weeks with intriguing drama, exciting talking points from friendships and situationship, captivating games, shocking evictions, attachments, alliances, frenemies, and so on the show is reputed to giving viewers. Host Country Being a blend of selected housemates from Nigeria and South Africa, the host country for this year’s edition is the latter. Hosts Nigeria’s famous OAP and Big Brother Naija serial host, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu will host the show alongside South Africa’s renowned actor, OAP and Big Brother Mzansi’s host, Lawrence Maleka. They are reputed as two of the finest comperes in the continent of Africa and are set to entertain viewers with their mesmerizing presentation skills. Where to Watch Big Brother Titans will be aired on DSTV Channel 198 and GOtv Channel 29.  Big Brother Titans Premieres January 15 with $100,000 grand prize In "Entertainment" By David Royal & Precious Chukwudi Big Brother Naija 'Shine Ya Eye', Season 6 viewers saw the first major fight between male housemates, Pere fondly aka 'Major General' and the chef of the house, White Money, who is considered to be the former's major competitor. Before the recent fight, Pere,… In "Big Brother Naija" Ebuka Big Brother Naija reality show host and media personality, Ebuka Obi-Uchendu has cleared the air on recent criticisms of the Big Brother Titans show - some Nigerians argue that airing the show in January will distract youths from actively participating in the 2023 general election. The BBNaija organisers recently… In "Entertainment"