•Says policy uncertainty, rising insecurity weaken growth prospects By Babajide Komolafe, Economy Editor TheAfrican Development Bank, AfDB yesterday projected  that Nigeria’s Gross Domestic Product, GDP, which indicates the economic growth rate, will inch up to 3.1 percent in 2023, saying   uncertainty about policy continuity after the election and rising insecurity will weaken the nation’s growth prospect during the year.  The Bank has  estimated that the growth rate will decline to 3.0 percent in 2022 from 3.6 percent in 2021. Nigeria’s official GDP for 2022 is yet to be announced. While the Bank’s projection is 0.65 percentage point lower than the 3.75 percent projected by the Federal Government, it is 0.2 percentage point higher than  the World Bank’s projection  of 2.9 percent for the country. It is also 0.1 percentage point higher than the International Monetary Fund’s, IMF, 3.0 percent  projection. However, the AfDB projected that Nigeria’s GDP will rebound to 3.3 per cent in 2024.  Making these projections in its  Africa’s   Macroeconomic Performance And Outlook, January 2023, released yesterday, the AfDB said: “In Nigeria, the region’s largest economy, growth is estimated to have declined to 3.0 percent in 2022 from 3.6 percent in 2021, but still above the country’s population growth rate of about 2.4 percent.  “Nigeria has, however, suffered from a protracted decline in oil production due to technical inefficiencies arising from ageing infrastructure and theft, limiting the gains from high international oil prices. It is also experiencing deep macroeconomic imbalances, underpinned by a costly subsidy on fuel, near 20-year high inflation, and foreign exchange shortages that fuelled rapid depreciation of the national currency, further eroding citizen’s purchasing power.  “Uncertainty about policy continuity in the aftermath of the 2023 general elections, coupled with rising insecurity, has dampened investor confidence, which in turn has constrained investment, further weakening the country’s growth prospects. “Against these headwinds, real GDP growth is projected to remain tepid at 3.1 percent in 2023 before slowly picking up to 3.3 percent later.” Furthermore, the AfDB projected higher economic growth rates of 4.0 per cent and 4.1 per cent for Africa and the West African Region respectively in 2023.   The Africa Development Bank, AfDB, yesterday , revised downward its projected GDP growth rate for the continent  to 3.7 percent from 4.2 percent by 2018. In "News" The problems of insecurity in parts of the West African Sub-Region pose great challenges to the economy of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), the Africn Development Bank (AfDB) has said. In "Business" Africa's strong growth will accelerate in 2019 but fail to roll back high unemployment and poverty, the African Development Bank (AfDB) said Thursday. In "News"