By Biodun Busari Residents of an Indian town, Joshimath located in Uttarakhand state have been struck with fear following the appearance of large cracks in their houses. The government ordered an evacuation of the people in the area on Thursday when land subsidence caused the walls of houses and temples to crack. According to India Today, authorities stopped several construction projects after thousands of protesters obstructed a national highway in the Himalayan state. Read also: Man urinates on female passenger aboard US-India flight The report revealed that repeated landslides forced the town residents to sleep outside their homes in the chilly winter amid fear of roof collapse. The state’s chief minister Pushkar Singh Dhami was holding a high-level meeting on Friday morning to discuss the issue. District officials have said that cracks have developed in more than 500 buildings in the area due to the slow land sinking issue. Ecology experts have said the area is a fragile Himalayan region that is already affecting several revered Hindu shrines that draw millions of pilgrims annually. “We leave the house the moment it starts raining because we’re scared,” said Sumedha Bhatt, who lives in Ravigram village Some families had also resorted to makeshift measures, such as using polyethene sheets to prevent leakage and using wooden planks to offer extra support to their houses.  By Nwafor Sunday The secretary to the government of the federation (SGF), Boss Mustapha, has said that Nigeria is at the brink of breaking up if nothing is done to avert it. Disclosing this at an interdenominational church service to commemorate Nigeria’s 60th independence anniversary in Abuja, on Sunday, Boss… In "News" The Federal Government on Sunday in Abuja applauded the roles played by the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), toward the spiritual and physical development of the country. Vice President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo gave the commendation at an Inter-denominational Thanksgiving Service to mark Nigeria’s 60 years of Independence. Represented by Mr… In "News" The Federal Government on Sunday in Abuja applauded the roles played by the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), toward the spiritual and physical development of the country. Vice President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo gave the commendation at an Inter-denominational Thanksgiving Service to mark Nigeria’s 60 years of Independence. Also read: Northeast… In "News"