A woman in New York state has filed a civil suit against Mike Tyson, accusing the former boxing champion of raping her in a limousine in the early 1990s, according to court filings. The woman, who asked the court to remain anonymous, filed her complaint in early January under a temporary New York state law allowing victims of sexual assault to seek civil damages regardless of the statute of limitations. Tyson spent three years in jail beginning in 1992 after being found guilty of raping model Desiree Washington, who was 18 at the time. In a short affidavit dated December 23, 2022, the plaintiff states that she met the boxer at a nightclub “in the early 1990s,” then followed him into his limousine, where he allegedly assaulted her before raping her. “As a result of Tyson’s rape, I suffered and continue to suffer from physical, psychological and emotional injury,” she said. She is seeking $5 million in damages. By late Tuesday, Tyson had not issued any public statement. Born in Brooklyn in 1966, Tyson had a turbulent childhood before becoming the undisputed heavyweight champion in the 1980s, terrifying his opponents with his fury in the ring and a phenomenal punching power. But after his prison sentence, he could not retain his titles. In a notorious 1996 matchup, Tyson bit off a piece of his opponent Evander Holyfield’s ear. Gripped by depression and addiction, he continued to make headlines, notably for a one-man show in which he described his life’s many ups and downs. He has recently launched into the cannabis industry with his own brand of marijuana products, and hosts a podcast.  Chilean police on Thursday deported a disheveled U.S. boxer Mike Tyson citing non-compliance with immigration laws. In "Sports" Rapper 50 Cent, whose once-extravagant lifestyle crumbled after a failed business deal and a lawsuit over a sex tape, received court approval Wednesday to get out of bankruptcy. In "Music" Mike Tyson, the former world heavyweight champion who retired in 2005, said Thursday he will make a comeback at age 54, fighting Roy Jones Jr. on September 12 in Los Angeles. On his Legends Only League website, Tyson announced the eight-round exhibition bout against Jones, a 51-year-old fighter who briefly… In "Sports"