American actor, Jeremy Renner is out of surgery but still in critical condition following a collision with a snow plough. According to BBC News, in a statement to US media on Monday night, Samantha Mast revealed that Renner is currently in intensive care after suffering traumatic chest damage and orthopaedic injuries. “Jeremy’s family would like to express their gratitude to the incredible doctors and nurses looking after him,” publicist Ms Mast said in a statement. The family also thanked the local police and fire services, and said they were “tremendously overwhelmed and appreciative of the outpouring of love and support from his fans”. Read Also Burna Boy apologises to fans over late performance Arsenal submit second bid for Mykhailo Mudryk as Chelsea join race British couple, pilot, one other die as two helicopters collide in Australia  According to an eyewitness, Renner was using his personal snow plough to clear a road outside of his Reno, Nevada house so that his family could leave after a severe storm, before the incident happened. He reportedly lost a lot of blood from the injury and another neighbor, who is a doctor, put a tourniquet on his leg until paramedics arrived. According to the Washoe County Sheriff’s office, the incident solely involved the 51-year-old and it was under investigation.  Movie star Jeremy Renner, known for his role as Hawkeye in several Marvel blockbusters, was in critical but stable condition following an accident, his representative told US media on Sunday. Renner had been plowing snow when he suffered serious injuries, a representative told The Hollywood Reporter and Deadline. "We can… In "Entertainment" By Godwin Oritse THE management of the Nigerian Ports Authority, NPA, has entered into partnership with Renner & Renner Consulting to reposition the nation’s seaports for efficiency, safety and accountability. Speaking at a recently concluded retreat for its management staff, Acting Managing Director of the NPA, Mr. Mohammed Bello Koko,… In "Business" Consummate educator, administrator, counselor, teacher, principal, confidant to the numerous people young and old whose lives she touched by her kindness and compassion, died on Sunday, February 13, 2011 in Lagos after a brief illness. In "Education"