Dr Babayo Liman, the North-East Zonal Secretary of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, NNPP and Rabiu Kwankwaso’s ally has defected to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Liman, alongside hundreds of his supporters, defected to the PDP in order to support the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar on Saturday in Gombe State. Read also: I’m not afraid of Kwankwaso, Shekarau, Ganduje, they are weak – ADC guber candidate In an interview with journalists in Gombe, the state capital, while declaring his support for Atiku, the former NNPP member, who abandoned his position in the Presidential Campaign Council of Kwankwaso, stressed that he decided to resign his appointment with the NNPP to support the former Vice President following his track record. He said, “We registered more than 3.6 million people in the North-East region under the NNPP and Gombe State is one of the states in my zone, hence the need for me to go round and inform my supporters that I defected to the PDP. “I am resigning my appointment as the North-East Zonal Secretary of the NNPP, as a member of the Presidential Campaign Council of the NNPP, and as a coordinator of the Kwankwasiya in the zone. “We have nothing to do with the NNPP and Kwankwasiya again; not only me defected, with me here is the Zonal Public Relations Officer, Ibrahim Tal, who also resigned his appointment to support Atiku Abubakar with our supporters as you can see. “I want to seize this opportunity to inform you that we have more than 600,000 NNPP members in Gombe and we have defected and obtain PDP membership cards.” According to Liman, Kwankwaso should withdraw from the race and support Atiku. He disclosed that 16 years of the PDP administration was a success because of the notable impact. “Atiku Abubakar has the capacity to salvage the country from its present hardship and dwindling economy following his track record in the past as the Vice President of Nigeria,” he said.  A group, known as the Northern Liberal Democratic Movement (NLDM) has called on the presidential candidate of the opposition New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Senator Rabiu Kwankwaso to withdraw from the race for the candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. According to the group, the mood… In "News" Kwankwaso’s coordinator dumps NNPP for PDP in Bauchi State In "News" Kwankwaso takes over NNPP In "News"