If you’re tired of struggling with high blood pressure, specifically someone who wants to cure hypertension, lower blood pressure and avoid heart attacks, strokes and kidney failures with depending on drugs… Then this may be the most important letter you’ll ever read. The reason why is because I was once in your shoes, I was battling with high blood pressure up to the age of 52 years and it almost cost me my life. You see, the problem with high blood pressure or hypertension is that… there are drugs that can actually help you manage it for some time…. But unfortunately, most of these drugs are harmful andhave a dangerous side effect on you. I know this because; I have tried lots of them. Both the ones I got in Nigeria, and some other drugs that my children in Scotland and UK sent from abroad. Take for example, there was a time I was placed on Amlodipine (5mg or 10mg). It actually gave me a temporary relief, and helped me maintain my blood pressure. But, as time goes on, as I continued using it… I will experience stiff neck, ear ache and loss of hearing. Later on, I started to feel joint pain, joint stiffness, extreme fatigue, But the entire situation changed when I came in contact with an old time friend, mrs.Obasanya who was now based in the USA. She recommended an Anti-Hypertensive tea for me, particularly the one that also saved her mum from the stroke she was suffering from due to her high blood pressure. Once I started using it, I noticed that my blood pressure was becoming normal, I slept well at night and I could perform activities without feeling dizziness, or any side effects that comes from other drugs I used in the past. After 3 weeks, I went for medical check-up, and this time around I found that my blood pressure was very normal at 121/83. My doctor was surprised and he repeated the blood pressure readings again just to be sure. He quickly took a look at the hypertension tea that helped me normalized my blood pressure, did some research about it to ensure it has no side effects… and now he even recommends it for his patients with hypertension. To make sure it works, I decided to get the same Anti-Hypertension tea and give it to my Winners’ chapel church members with HBP… And also some of my very close friends that had similar high blood pressure conditions. Likewise, lots of them came back and were marveled about how the HBP solution tea helped normalize their blood pressure. At this point, let me introduce you to the High Blood Pressure Solution that worked for me, and helped me normalize my blood pressure, and lower blood sugar without any side effects at all… “HBP Solution PackageAnti-Hypertension Tea”“100% Natural HERBAL REMEDY for High Blood Pressure”  Natural Therapy & Safe Way to Lower High Blood Pressure,Reverse Hypertension, Get Robust Heart Health, Prevent Strokeand Break FREE from Hypertension Faster ThanYou Ever Thought PossibleEach pack of Anti-Hypertension teacontains 30 tea bags The Anti-Hypertension Teahave been proven scientifically to help lower blood pressure, normalizes blood pressure, lowers cholesterol and reduces sugar level in the system.It has the highest international certifications of approval, CGMP (Certificate Good Manufacturing Practices), HACCP, Healthcare Food Production License, QS.It is manufactured by the biggest and professional tea bags manufacturer in China that has passed GMP and ISO9001 etc.The Anti-Hypertension tea contains 30 tea bags in each pack and it is made from 100% herbal extract that has no side effects at all. You see, the “secret weapon” of the Anti-Hypertension tea is that it contains herbal plant extract that after many centuries, science have shown that these herbs helps lower blood pressure,promotesshockingly powerful heart-health, reduces blood sugar, and even has anti-aging benefits!The ingredients of the Anti-Hypertension tea are Gingko biloba, Mulberry leaf, Duzhong, Hawthorn, cassia seed and Astragaius.These are rare hard-to-find herbs that can only be gotten in some specific countries and regions.Mistake no mistake about it, these are highly effective herbs blended inside the Anti-Hypertensive tea, that will help lower blood pressure, improve circulation, lowers cholesterol and get robust heart health. Here’s what to do when you get the Anti-Hypertension tea… – Put 1 tea bag into a tea cup– Boil water for up to 3 – 5minutes, then pour into the tea cup– You can also add honey or lemon according to your personal taste– Drink the tea morning and eveningWhen you start using the Anti-Hypertension tea, the results you will get is a gradual and continuous normalization of your blood pressure.As you continue using it, you will experience improved blood circulation, and start noticing changes in your body system.You would see for yourself how far you have gone in helping your body get rid of hypertension permanently without any side effects at all. But don’t take my word for it, Below are actual testimonials we have received from people who usedthis Anti-Hypertension Tea and what they aresaying about it… Since using the HBP solution tea I ordered from your store, and combined with the tumtum capsules, I found out that my blood pressure have dropped from extreme high readings of 180/84 to low 130/80 within few weeksI am satisfied with this program and will recommend to all my friends that have similar health issues Mrs. Gloria – Effurun, Delta state I decided to order for the anti-hypertensive tea for my mum. As she continued using it, we were checking her blood pressure reading biweekly and it was reducing. Within few weeks her blood pressure has normalised completely. Now, she can sleep well without any worries of hypertension and no more severe pains she was experiencing before, we are so happy about the status of her health. Have sent your number to my elder brother in another state so he can get some of the HBP tea for himself too Mrs. Victoria – Trans-Amadi, Port Harcourt I’ve been struggling with hypertension and used drugs for several year but I decided to give the Anti-Hypertensive tea a trial bcos I was worried the side effects of drugs. Your HBP solution tea package and tumtum capsules helped reduced my blood pressure and improved my health. Will order again for my parents in the villa Abdulkadir – Gwarinpa, Abuja As you’ve just read, these people have experienced success and positive results from using the Anti-Hypertension tea without any side effects at all.Truth be told, the Anti-Hypertension tea contains 100% herbal plant extract that works like crazy and are proven to help you normalize your blood pressure and say goodbye to hypertension within the next few weeks.Here’s a breakdown of the price (depending on the option you’re ordering for)… HBP Tea Mini package  2 Packs (60 tea bags) Discount Price = N23,000 HBP Tea Complete Package  4 Packs (120 tea bags)(HIGHLY RECOMMENDED) Discount Price = N34,000 (plus special bonus) To Order for Your HBP Solution Tea Package at the Special Discount Price, follow the instruction below…Depending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for “mini package”… indicate the code HBP Solution tea mini package in your text message…*If you are ordering for “Complete package”… indicate it “HBP Solution tea complete package” in your text message…HBP Solution Tea Mini package – N23,000HBP Solution Tea Complete package + tum-tum capsules – N34,000Here’s what to send to us…Text the option you are ordering for (HBP tea mini package or complete page) with the following information below… 1. Your Full Name2. Your Phone Number3. Delivery Address (home or office address) Send This Information as a text message to 09027094039 Please Note: Your delivery address must include (your street name, town, local govt and state). Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier delivery man that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIMEOnce we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive ansms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier delivery and the items should get to you within 2-4 Days for nationwide delivery to other state, and 1-2 days for orders within Abuja and Lagos state. —————- Kindly note that each pack of the Anti-Hypertension tea contains 30 tea bags. The complete package is the highly recommended option as you will use the 4packs for over 60 days, to reverse hypertension, lower blood pressure and get rid of it permanently.However, both mini package and complete package works effectively and you will experience positive changes in few weeks. Yes, at this affordable discount price, you can say goodbye to High blood pressure or Hypertension and start living an healthy life. But to Make It Even Better, When You Order Today, You will Also Get a FREE BONUS ENCLOSED to Your Parcel*NOT available anywhere else Here’s how to get it: When you order for the Complete package supply of the Anti-Hypertensive tea at N34,000… you will get your own free bonus of the Tum-tum capsules for treatment of arthritis, rheumatism, cramps, joint pain etc. FREE BONUS: TUM-TUM HERBAL CAPSULES Arthritis is a group of painful and degenerative conditions marked by inflammation in the joints that causes stiffness and pain. Osteoarthritis, the most common type of arthritis, gets worse with age and is caused by wear and tear over the years.Tum-tum capsules is natural remedy for rheumatoid arthritis, waist pain, join pain, cramps, neck and leg pains, relieves pain and stiffness.  It works better and faster than anti-inflammatory medications and painkillers, without any side effects. Tum-tum herbal capsules contains 60 capsules. Tum-tum capsules is very effective, with no side effects at all and endorsed by professional physiotherapist as curative solution for arthritis, join pain, cramps, leg pain, rheumatism.When you order today, you will get the Tum-tum capsules for free.Remember, the free bonus is ONLY available to those that place their order right away. Don’t procrastinate, else you may not get it.So the deal is, place your order for the HBP Solution tea complete package today, and you get access to the extra BONUS, absolutely FREE!But there’s one thing you should know… this is a limited time offer and will not be available for long.It’s either the price goes up or we go out of stock…When we go out of stock, you may have to wait until the next shipment, and it might be at a much increased price.So, go ahead, order now and start using these natural herbal tea to get a healthy heart and normalized blood pressure. Follow the instructions below to place order, and get  the products delivered to your doorstep  (payment on delivery)Pay on Delivery Option Available to All States in Nigeria Here’s How to Order for Your HBP Solution Tea Package at the Special Discount PriceDepending on the option that you are ordering for… *If you are ordering for “mini package”… indicate the code HBP Solution tea mini package in your text message…*If you are ordering for “Complete package”… indicate it “HBP Solution tea complete package” in your text message…HBP Solution Tea Mini package – N23,000HBP Solution Tea Complete package + tum-tum capsules – N34,000Here’s what to send to us…Text the option you are ordering for (HBP tea mini package or complete page) with the following information below… 1. Your Full Name2. Your Phone Number3. Delivery Address (home or office address) Send This Information as a text message to 09027094039 Please Note: Your delivery address must include (your street name, town, local govt and state). Detailed Enough to make it traceable by our courier delivery man that will come around to deliver to you. You will get a SMS and Call from us within 24 hours to confirm your Order Before we Parcel It Across to You. DELIVERY TIMEOnce we received your order, and your details are correct, you will receive ansms or call confirmation from us. Your products will then be sent to our courier delivery and the items should get to you within 2-4 Days for nationwide delivery to other state, and 1-2 days for orders within Abuja and Lagos state. Note: The product will be packaged discreetly and no one else will know what’s inside, and every other information will be kept private and 100% confidential. Customer support line: 09027094039 That is all you have to do to get access to the High Blood pressure solution pack.It has helped lots of Nigerian men and women normalize their blood pressure, reverse hypertension and lower blood fat, sugar… and definitely your own case will not be different… it will change yours too! Remember, the Anti-Hypertension tea is definitely going to be the exact solution you will need to promote healthy blood pressure and reverse hypertension, without any side effects whatsoever.Here’s a chance to finally reverse hypertension, normalize blood pressure without depending on chemical drugs ever again.Go ahead and take advantage of this natural HBP solution NOW. Sincerely, Mr. Emmanuel – 09027094039  A DRAFT guideline for the entrenchment and development of insurance at the grassroots has been put in place by the National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) the Commissioner for Insurance Fola Daniel, has said. In "Business" With eyes on continuous improvement and positioning in the advertising industry, Centrespread FCB is deepening relationship with its foreign partners, Draft FCB of USA with the thinking of including research in its service offering. In "Finance" CBN issues Draft Contactless Payments guidelines In "News"