By Dayo Johnson, Akure Chairman and leader of the Yoruba Self-Determination Struggle, also known as Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, Wale Adeniran, has resigned his membership from the group over allegations of fraud and embezzlement. Adeniran, said in a two-minute 33 seconds video watched on YouTube (Omoboriowo media), that he stepped aside “to allow a thorough investigation into the allegation of fraud levelled against him. He however, challenged whoever might have evidence or evidences against him or who might have sent money to the organisation through him to come forward and make it known to the public. Adeniran said he resigned his membership from the IOOW with a view to “allowing thorough investigation, calling on Yoruba elders to set up a committee in that regard. “I want to use this medium to step aside as Chairman of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, as member of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, I step down as the participant in the Yoruba Nation struggle so as to allow for unfettered investigations of all these allegations. “Because in all developed parts of the world, what they normally do is that, if there is an allegation against public office holder, he or she will step aside to allow thorough investigation, that’s what I’m doing right now. “I thank you all, and whatever comes out after the investigation should be made public. There shouldn’t be secret there. Adeniran said that ” They should publicise the outcome of the investigation because all Yoruba must know the truth about the fraud allegation involving the struggle.  The Deputy Alana of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, the apex body of Yoruba Self-Determination Struggle, Professor Wale Adeniran, on Monday, resigned his position effective from Sunday November 6th, 2022. Adeniran, a former Commissioner for Education in Osun State, resigned from his position after the spokesperson of the group, Mr. Maxwell… In "News" According to Amusat, the former Yoruba Nation leader handed the baton of leadership to his former Deputy, Prof. Wale Adeniran. In "News" Yoruba activist, Sunday Igboho was yesterday, released to the leader of Ilana Omo Oodua Worldwide, Professor Banji Akintoye and a French Language Expert, Professor Wale Adeniran. In "News"