Omeiza Ajayi, Abuja The Presidential Campaign Council PCC of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC on Monday made a U-turn on its decision to not respond to the resignation of one of its directors, Hajia Naja’atu Mohammed, saying she was sacked for incompetence and being a mole in its cold. It said it received with amusement Mohammed’s hasty “resignation” from her position as Director of Civil Society Organizations “just before she was sacked for incompetence, quarrelsomeness and after being uncovered to be a mole planted in our winning campaign in order to leak sensitive information to our desperate opponents”. Hajia Mohammed resigned last Saturday, saying her conscience would not allow her to continue in the APC PCC. She had also said the party’s standard bearer, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu was too sick and possibly suffering from Alzheimer’s disease as he could not hold a teacup when she visited him in London some time ago. Special Adviser on Public Affairs at the Tinubu Media Office, Mahmud Jega in a statement issued Monday night in Abuja said although Mohammed deceived the gullible public by claiming that she resigned, “her sack letter with ignominy from the campaign and the party had just arrived at her desk”. “Her desperate, fact-free, machination-filled and imaginary utterances since her sack from the campaign has proved beyond doubt that she was unfit to serve in the first place, until it was discovered that she was actually a mole. “Not being a medical doctor but whose profession in the last three decades was as a political jobber and expert name-dropper, she nevertheless issued a pseudo-medical report on our presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, after a brief meeting in London. “Even the association of native doctors would sack her for quackery and for reaching a medical conclusion without any test”, he stated. He said despite his position as the clear front runner in the 2023 presidential race, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu has been running the most punishing campaign schedule of any of the presidential candidates, and has already visited many parts of the country with an almost non-stop schedule of rallies, town hall meetings and meetings with professional, community, business and religious groups and associations. “Naja’atu claimed that when she asked Asiwaju what plans he had for the North, he answered that he had none. This is strange and questions the integrity of the woman and her story.” “Asíwájú has unfolded an Action plan for the whole country, in which problems bedevilling the North got very comprehensive attention. Asiwaju also attended the Arewa Summit last year, at which he unfolded and elaborated on these programs. “As conclusive proof of her unstable and unreliable character, Naja’atu said in her pre-emptive “resignation letter” that she was quitting party politics as the political parties have no ideological differences and her values and beliefs no longer align with party politics. “Within a day, pictures surfaced in the media showing her meeting with the PDP presidential candidate and declaring her support for him. “All Nigerians must be wondering what kind of “values and beliefs” she has apart from opportunism, selfishness and greed. “We were least surprised about her dramatic exit, coming after she went on TV to disparage our party and President Muhammadu Buhari. Only a mole could behave in such a manner. “We urge our supporters all over the country to ignore the antics of this political soldier of fortune and concentrate on the job of delivering the Tinubu/Shettima ticket at the polls in barely a month from now”, Jega added.  Member APC Presidential Campaign, Hajia Naja’atu resigns In "News" Breaking: Two APC chieftains dump Party, Presidential Campaign Council In "News" Presidential Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu has met with governors of the party as well as some members of its Presidential Campaign Council PCC. In "News"