The new year has started on a good note for popular singer Kizz Daniel with his newly released single ‘RTID’ hitting 1.7 million views on YouTube in just three days after its release. The song was produced by Reward Beatz and co-produced by Blaise Beatz, with the visuals engineered by ace music video director, TG Omori. The track is a reflection of hard work, diligence and a summation of the gifted artiste’s musical journey so far. Read Also Court remands baker over alleged anal s3x with minor Review: Kizz Daniel releases didactic and captivating visuals for ‘Rich Till I Die (RTID)’ In the track, the singer admits that ‘life struggles’ are constant while using the local slang “Suffer suffer for the earth, enjoy for heaven” to relay this thought. He also lays bare his plans to enjoy life to its fullest and keep the things he needs to survive as he hopes for a better future by ‘living the life he loves and loving the life that he lives.’ Kizz Daniel was also the crooner of two of the biggest hits in 2022: Buga and Cough (Odo). Buga, on its own, is a global hit with the artiste thrilling football fans with a live performance of the song at the 2022 FIFA World Cup Fans Festival in Qatar.  Afro classic pioneer, Kizz Daniel, is at it again to spin and thrill music enthusiasts with electrifying hits back-to-back. Once again, his creative energy and incredible tunnel vision have come to play this year as he drops another banger hit alongside visuals for his highly anticipated single, Rich Till I… In "Entertainment" Afrobeats sensational superstar, Kizz Daniel opens the year and fortifies his dominance with another melodic tune alongside colourful visuals for a didactic and message-filled single titled "Rich Till I Die (RTID)." In "News" By Adegboyega Adeleye Afrobeats superstar, Kizz Daniel is elated and thankful to his fans after achieving a new feat of scoring another No. 1 hit song in Nigeria. His new single 'Cough (Odo)' has moved up to No.1 on the Apple Music Top 100 Nigeria Charts. He wrote on Twitter:… In "Entertainment"