…..as Abiodun takes second term campaign to Odeda LG ….commissions 5.6Km Somorin-Kemta road By James Ogunnaike, Abeokuta As the Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun took his re-election campaign to the Odeda local government area of the State on Wednesday, a JSS 2 Student of De-Dames College, in Kemta-Idi- Aba area of Abeokuta, Olayemi Odutola, has rallied support for the re-election of the governor in the March 11 governorship election. Odutola, who called on parents and other voting-age adults in the State to vote for Governor Abiodun on March 11, said she made the call on behalf of other students in the school. She said she made the call base on the excellent performance of the governor in the last three and half years of his administration in the State. “We say very thank your sir, for the magnificent road in our axis. It will afford easy and smooth access to our school and also reduce the cost of repairing our parents’ vehicles. “We also thank you for valuable peaceful existence and massive development in the state, for it has opened the door for investment “There is an adage that says, “seeing is believing. We have seen a remarkable improvement in infrastructure and in other aspects in this state. In view of this, we hereby appeal to our parents and good people of Ogun State to please support massively and vote for Governor Dapo Abiodun”, the student emphasized. The governor, during the campaign trip, commissioned the 5.6 kilometres Somorin-Kemta-Idi-Aba road. Speaking at Kemta, the governor noted that the huge infrastructural gap inherited by his administration in 2019 informed the adoption of a strategic approach that would ensure that every part of the state benefits from one project or the other. He said Kemta, apart from benefiting from the road, also has the first housing estate built by his administration sited in the axis, saying with these projects, the area would witness an upsurge in commercial activities. Abiodun who regarded Odeda LG as one of the important local government areas in the state, said the council has two road projects just as almost all the projects executed are people-oriented and are in line with the I.S.E.Y.A Agenda of his government. “We’ve demonstrated that we are a promise-keeping administration, we have a road project, at least one in every local government, but this local government has two. We have the Gbonagun-FAJOL Road which is about seven kilometers and we have this road, and that is just a clear example that if we make these promises and we have come to commission these roads, then you can expect that we will continue in the same vein and keep our promises. “I want to plead with you that if you are happy with what you are seeing, please endeavour to go out and collect your PVCs, because it is through your PVCs that you will vote for a continuity of the good works of this administration that you voted in 2019 and that you will vote again in 2023”, he stated. While commending the traditional rulers in Odeda local government for maintaining peace in their domains, the governor promised that his administration would not stop until all access roads are put in good condition, calling on the people to vote for him to continue his good works. At Bode Olude, the governor announced that the Elega-Bode Olude road would be constructed within a week, while a transformer and borehole would also be constructed to provide potable water to the people of the area. He apologized to the people for the deplorable condition of the road, which he noted, had caused untold hardship to the people, pleading for their understanding as four years would not be enough to address the infrastructural deficit inherited by his administration. “When I was coming here this morning, I see that your road is very bad and I was told that you don’t have water. I have directed that a brand new electric transformer be brought to this area. Also, within one week, we will start the construction of the Elega-Bode Olude road. “Apart from that, we are going to sink a borehole that would serve this area with potable water. Please keep supporting us to do more for you”, the governor submitted. Earlier, the Commissioner for Works and Infrastructure, Akin Adesanya, said the road is one of the various projects executed across the state, adding that the 5.6km road, provided with an adequate drainage system, would solve the perennial flooding that had affected the area for long. The Olu of Kemta, Oba Okikiola Tejuosho, said the bad condition of the road affected the economic activities of the people as many man-hours were lost in the process of manoeuvring the bad potions that littered the road, adding that more than 40 communities are also benefiting from the road.  Governor Abiodun appreciates young Miss Odutola …as Ogun governor commissions new road Students of De-Dames College in Kemta, Odede Local Government Area of Ogun State have pleaded with their parents and other residents of the state to vote and give massive support to the second term aspiration of Governor Dapo… In "News" By James Ogunnaike, Abeokuta The Alake and Paramount Ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Aremu Gbadebo, has commended the Ogun State Governor, Prince Dapo Abiodun, for embarking on infrastructural projects capable of enhancing the socio-economic development of the state. Oba Gbadebo, who specifically commended the governor for his administration's efforts to… In "News" Ogun students inaugurate Campaign Committee for Abiodun’s re-election In "News"