US Department of Justice (DoJ) investigators have found six more classified documents during a 13-hour search of President Joe Biden’s home in Delaware, a lawyer for Mr Biden says. Some documents seized at the Wilmington property on Friday were from his time as a senator and others from his tenure as vice-president under Barack Obama. Lawyer Bob Bauer said “personally handwritten notes” and “surrounding materials” were also taken away. Mr Biden and his wife were not present. Read Also: G.O.A.Ts have no place in heaven — Mike Bamiloye The president offered access “to his home to allow DoJ to conduct a search of the entire premises for potential vice-presidential records and potential classified material”, Mr Bauer said in a statement on Saturday. Former President Donald Trump is facing a criminal investigation for allegedly mishandling classified files. Earlier this month Mr Biden’s lawyers said a first batch of classified documents had been found on 2 November at the Penn Biden Center, a think-tank the president founded in Washington DC. A second batch of records was found on 20 December in the garage at his Wilmington home, while another document was found in a storage space at the house on 12 January, his lawyers said. After finding the documents, the president said his team immediately turned them over to the National Archives and the Justice Department. It is not clear why Mr Biden had kept them. Under the Presidential Records Act, White House records are supposed to go to the National Archives once an administration ends, where they can be stored securely. A special counsel, Robert Hur, has been appointed to lead the investigation into how the sensitive documents were handled. The lengthy search and subsequent discovery of more documents is a political headache for the president, as he prepares to declare whether he will run for a second term in 2024. Mr Biden and his wife, Jill, are spending the weekend in the coastal town of Rehoboth Beach in Delaware, where they own another house. It was searched earlier this month and no documents were found, his lawyers said, according to the New York Times.  US President Joe Biden By Biodun Busari  United States President Joe Biden is expected to face investigation over his handling of classified documents as Attorney-General Merrick Garland named an independent prosecutor over the matter on Thursday.  The decision was reached after an outcry over secret papers discovered at Biden's former… In "Metro" Top congressional Republicans are rushing to former President Donald Trump’s defense after the FBI executed a search warrant at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida as part of an investigation into the handling of potentially classified material. In "Foreign" US officials after examining computers, DVDs, hard-drives and documents seized from the Abbottabad home where Osama Bin Laden was killed have said documents found bin Laden's home suggest he was planning attacks on the US, including on the 10th anniversary of 9/11. In "News"