By Ada Osadebe Apple Music celebrated the end of 2022 in grand style, by hosting its very first ‘Africa Now’ event on the African continent in Accra, Ghana on 30 December. Over 300 influential tastemakers and business leaders from across the continent, as well as some of the biggest artists on the continent, such as Tiwa Savage, Elaine, Ayra Starr, Black Sherif, TRESOR, Pheelz, Sauti Sol, King Promise, GuiltyBeatz, and Jidenna, attended this high-end VIP event. Read also: AFRIMMA, YouTube black voice to celebrate African music stars in virtual award show Dadaboy Ehiz, Dotty, the lead cultural curator for black music in the UK and host of Apple Music 1 were also in Accra for the occasion. “Our first trip to Ghana was incredible, it was an occasion unlike any other in Accra. This is a gathering that has the potential to become a yearly tradition in the black music calendar, according to Dotty. Ehiz said, “Celebrating African music on the continent was the perfect way to end the year. Seeing all the stakeholders come together at the Africa Now event was indeed a great time for the music scene on the continent.” The initial Africa Now event established the standard for many successful iterations to follow in its footsteps with a DJ lineup that featured SPINALL (Nigeria), TxC (South Africa), and DJ Aroma (Ghana), as well as being coordinated by Apple Music team.  The All Africa Music Awards, AFRIMA, experienced the warmth of the music and culture industry of Ghana on Monday, May 21, 2018 when the calendar of events for the 5th edition of the biggest awards event on the continent was unveiled by the African Union following a meeting and courtesy… In "News" By Gabriel Olawale Ghanaian musician Korletey Mimpey, popularly called by his moniker, Vudumane, has revealed his readiness to take over the music industry in Africa with his incredible talent. Vudumane is a brilliant musician who started music at 11. He has graced different a-list shows in his home country, Ghana… In "News" An artificial intelligence research laboratory opened by Google in Ghana, the first of its kind in Africa, will take on challenges across the continent, researchers say. In "News"