By Biodun Busari The Labour Party’s erstwhile chairman in Lagos State, Kayode Salako has disclosed that he resigned from his office to contest the seat of the Oshodi-Isolo Constituency 1 in the House of Representatives. Salako revealed to Channels Television on Wednesday hours after he handed over the party’s leadership in Lagos to an ex-deputy women leader in the state, Mrs Dayo Ekong. Read also: In Lagos, landlords can’t rent house to Labour Party – Pat Utomi    Pastor kidnaps self twice, collects ransom in Plateau Why I can’t be faithful to one woman — Don Jazzy “We held our legal stakeholders’ meeting in Lagos yesterday (Tuesday). I willingly handed over the running of the affairs of the party to Mrs Dayo Ekong because I wanted to contest an election. “I am the candidate of the party for the House of Representatives seat in Oshodi-Isolo Constituency 1. The election is about 40 days’ time and I need to concentrate to face the challenges,” Salako said. The Labour Party has emerged as the third force in the country’s political landscape with the emergence of a former governor of Anambra State, Peter Obi as its 2023 presidential candidate. Obi’s growing popularity amongst young people has become a great asset to the party even as he recently got the endorsements of former President Olusegun Obasanjo, Ijaw leader, Edwin Clark and Afenifiere leader Ayo Adebanjo. The endorsements have upset dominant parties like the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).  …Says we're not allowed to operate in Lagos By Nnamdi Ojiego The Chairman of the Labour Party, LP, in Lagos State, Comrade Olukayode Salako, has urged Lagosians in particular and Nigerians in general, to disregard anyone parading himself as the gubernatorial candidate of the party in the state for the… In "News" Kayode Salako A support group of Labour Party, LP and its presidential candidate, Peter Obi has accused the chairman of the party in Lagos state, Kayode Salako of working against the party in the state. The Obi support group made the allegation in a statement via its Twitter handle on… In "News" The Chief of Staff to Gov Ibikunle Amosun, Tolu Odebiyi, has resigned his appointment. In "News"