By Biodun Busari The largest community of internally displaced persons (IDPs) in Africa are in Central African countries namely Cameroon, the Central African Republic (CAR), the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), Congo and Rwanda. According to All Africa News on Tuesday, the five countries house 7 million IDPs, and DRC alone hosts more than 5.5 million. The report revealed that the primary cause of the high number of IDPs is a conflict which has bewildered the region at both national and global levels. Read also: Buhari to African Leaders: We must reduce suffering of IDPs, refugees Leadership challenges in sub-Saharan Africa Oshodi/Apapa gridlock: We’ve lost control — Police “Central Africa is host to the largest community of internally displaced persons in Africa. The countries in this region include Cameroon, the Central African Republic (CAR), the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), the Republic of the Congo, and Rwanda,” All Africa News said. “Just four of these account for more than 7 million internally displaced people. At the top of the list, the DRC alone hosts more than 5.5 million. “The main cause of these high numbers is conflict, both national and international. Conflicts have tormented the region for decades.” The report also further disclosed that Nigeria-based insurgents, Boko Haram have emerged as a major threat in Central Africa. It also said natural disasters such as flooding have contributed to the rising number of IDPs. “For example, the protracted armed conflicts and rebellions in the Democratic Republic of Congo and the Central African Republic have contributed to the instability of the region, with serious effects on their neighbours, some of which have been directly involved in the conflicts. “In addition, the militant Islamist group Boko Haram has emerged as a major threat in Central Africa. And Burundi faces persistent political tension and violence. “The internal displacement crisis is further driven by natural disasters, such as flooding,” it added.  UN High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) on Tuesday said 3.9 million Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) were living in several key regions of Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). In "News" The UN High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) says Nigeria presently has 8,958 refugees in various refugee camps in the country. In "News" Conflict forced more than 10 million people to flee their homes to live elsewhere within their own country last year, bringing the total number of people internally displaced by violence to a record high, monitors said Friday. In "News"