By Shina Abubakar, Osogbo Members of Osun State House of Assembly are divided over allegation of misappropriation against the Speaker of the House, Timothy Owoeye. The situation, according to findings, has so deteriorated that members allegedly muted removing the Speaker over what they described as “high handedness”. Sources within the Assembly disclosed that the House got huge sums of money that was meant for members welfare during the last festive season, but members were not satisfied with the amount given to them by the Speaker. Read Also: Adeleke to Buhari: I’m a beneficiary of new Electoral Act you signed Findings revealed that the each member was given N250,000 which they considered too little from the total amount, hence members threat to impeach the Speaker. The lawmakers, it was gathered, met on Thursday to discuss the issue with a view to ensuring that the Speaker’s “over bearing influence” is checked. A lawmaker, who pleaded anonymity, disclosed that the lawmakers were displeased with the Speaker’s disposition on the issue. “Well, some persons told us the Speaker used a substantial part of the money to buy food items as present for staffers of the Assembly during the festive season. “But that ought to have been done with member’s consent. We are still on the matter and we will get to the root,” the lawmaker said. However, the Speaker’s spokesperson, Kunle Alabi, disclosed that there was no infighting among the lawmakers, saying whatever the lawmaker got for welfare is their legitimate earnings. “As far as Osun State House of Assembly is concerned, we remain one irrespective of whatever change in government. “There was no need for money creating any division. Whatever the House got was its legitimate earning,” he said.  As the 2022 gubernatorial election in Osun State approaches, All Progressives Congress' lawmakers in the House of Assembly have reportedly solicited the support of the General Overseer, the Redeemed Christian Church of God (RCCG), Pastor Enoch Adeboye towards ending the feud between Governor Adegboyega Oyetola and his predecessor Ogbeni Rauf… In "Politics" The Osun House of Assembly, has appealed to the striking medical and dental workers in the state hospitals to suspend their action. In "News" Shina Abubakar - Osogbo The Speaker of the Osun State House of Assembly, Timothy Owoeye, said on Monday the state “Security Network Agency and Amotekun Corp Establishment Bill 2020" would pass its third reading on Tuesday. The speaker disclosed this after reading the bill for the second time on the… In "News"