By Ozioruva Aliu BENIN CITY – THE presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu yesterday in Benin City, Edo state said the seizure of the revenue of Lagos state by former president, Olusegin Obasanjo triggered his intellectual capacity and those of his lieutenants to make Lagos what it is today and therefore appealed to Nigerians to vote for me, assuring that he will bring prosperity, create jobs and secure Nigerians if elected.     He also criticized the government of Edo state who it was alleged pulled down all the billboards for him in the state insisting that he would win the presidential elections even without his billboards in the state adding that he would bring economic hub to Edo State, that could turn young people into internet fraud to experts in manufacturing and creation of chips.    He said “We can break shackles of poverty, shackles of ignorance, shackles of homelessness. We will do it together. We have the knowledge and the brain.  Trust me, I am an expert in finding the way where there is no way. I found a way to tame the Atlantic ocean and turned it into a money-making machine. I found the way to stop the killing drainages to channelisation and prosperity. I have done many things. I have the power of thinking and doing.     “If you want prosperity, elect me. If you want skills to become rich, elect me. If you want security, elect me. If you say I should retire, you will retire with knowledge, diamond and gold,” he added.    “Obasanjo seized our salaries, local government monies. Do you call that person a good or a wicked man? So, if he says he endorsed somebody, is it not poison that he is giving to you? One who doesn’t know the way cannot show the way. He is endorsing Obi but he doesn’t know the road,” he said.     In his remarks, Adams Oshiomhole, former National Chairman of APC, solicited votes from Edo residents, saying that the former Lagos State governor has good track records and was instrumental in the fight against a single-party system.    State chairman of the party, Col David Imuse (rtd) lamented the situation in the state saying there was no presence of the legislature in the state government.   Bola Ahmed Tinubu By Gabriel Enoghlease and Ozioruva Aliu BENIN CITY – National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and leading presidential aspirant, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu on Saturday promised a transformational leadership and promised to replicate the developmental strategies he initiated in Lagos in Nigeria if he is nominated… In "News" The APC presidential candidate and his entourage were received by the former Governor of Edo and Deputy Director General of the APC Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Comrade Adams Oshiomole, and other Edo APC chieftains. In "News" By Gabriel Olawale A pro-Tinubu support group known as Edo Volunteers for Tinubu 2023 has commenced plans for the inauguration of its steering committee and media roundtable in Benin City, the Edo State capital. The event billed to hold in Benin city and with Dr. Agbadua Oyakhiromhe Bamidele as Guest… In "News"