Juventus played out a thrilling 3-3 draw with Atalanta in their first match since being slapped with a massive points deduction for illicit transfer activity. Italy’s biggest football club were rocked on Friday by the Italian Football Federation’s decision to dock them 15 points after ruling they had managed capital gains from transfers to artificially benefit their accounts. That decision, which leaves them mid-table in Italy’s top flight on 23 points, drew howls of disapproval from Juve fans at the Allianz Stadium before a hugely entertaining encounter and was blasted as “unjust and unequal” by CEO Maurizio Scanavino pre-match. But the the team showed fight to twice come back from going behind to Ademola Lookman goals to draw an exciting encounter, with Danilo’s drive midway through the second half eventually earning his team a point. Juventus had been leading at half-time when Angel Di Maria’s 25th-minute penalty cancelled out Lookman’s early opener before Arkadiusz Milik’s superb volley nine minutes later. But the hosts were rocked again when Nigeria forward Lookman sent Joakim Maehle through to level seconds after the break. Lookman then thumped home a perfect header in the 53rd minute to take his tally in his debut Serie A season to 11 before Danilo made sure both teams would share the spoils.  Gian Piero Gasperini was proud of Atalanta after a 2-2 draw with Juventus but felt his side deserved to win. Atalanta led twice through Duvan Zapata and Ruslan Malinovskiy, but Cristiano Ronaldo scored penalties to cancel out both goals, including a 90th-minute equaliser in Turin on Saturday. While Gasperini was… In "Sports" Luis Muriel came off the bench to score the only goal as Atalanta beat Bologna 1-0 in a fiery Serie A clash on Tuesday to move back second behind leaders Juventus. Muriel struck just after an hour as Atalanta extended their unbeaten run to 15 games to move six points… In "Sports" Atalanta moved second in Serie A on Tuesday with Ruslan Malinovskyi and Papu Gomez's second-half goals sealing a 2-1 comeback win over Parma. Swedish midfielder Dejan Kulusevski had scored for midtable Parma against his former club just before the break. But Malinovskyi sent in a freekick with 20 minutes to… In "Sports"