By James Ogunnaike, Abeokuta The Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Abeokuta, Most Rev Dr Peter Olukayode Odetoyinbo on Thursday called on Nigerians to shun any act of violence and reject the temptation of selling their votes. Bishop Odetoyinbo, who made the call, while speaking with newsmen on the side of the 25th anniversary of the Canonical Erection of the Catholic Diocese of Abeokuta,expressed the optimism that Nigeria will come out better after the election, saying, “we pray that Nigeria will be better, we pray that all of us electing the right person to the right position, Nigeria will be better. “We should go and perform our civic duties and vote rightly according to our consciences for good leaders who will lead Nigeria better and give us what we desire according to the mind and the will of God.” In his homily, the Catholic Bishop of Ondo Diocese, Most Rev. Jude Arogundade called on Nigerians to reject candidates who according to him are “known criminals” that have been implicated by national and international agencies at the polls. This according to him would save Nigeria from the trauma of having to deal with the emotional outcome of electing leaders who continue to ravage the country’s commonwealth for their personal gain. Bishop Arogundade urged Nigerians to vote for decent and credible leaders and save the country from imminent collapse. He lamented that, Nigeria have been kept under the control of “corrupt aristocrats who steal our commonwealth to gain power and to control the masses”. Arogundade said, “it was regrettable that, the impact of one hundred years of Christianity on our society had been eroded by bad governance; ethic and tribal war and a new wave of paganism. He said, “Are we not the same Yoruba, Igbo, Hausa and indeed Nigerians that are calling on God for intervention and redemption from corrupt politicians that will also vote for known criminals that have been implicated by national and international watchdog bodies? “All of us Christians and none Christians alike are searching for decent and credible leaders who will reorganise our country to be the best that God has created it to be. “Then vote for one and save the Church from trauma of having to deal with the emotional outcome of leaders who continue to ravage our commonwealth for personal gain. “Our people must begin to lookup to the finest and the most patriotic among us for leadership to run the country and to provide the leadership that will correct the mistakes of the past decades. “We must not stand by and watch this great nation destroy itself under mediocre leadership that drift from one crisis to the next, eroding our national will and purpose”.  Bishop, Catholic Diocese of Abeokuta, Most Rev. Peter Odetoyinbo has said that corruption can only be eradicated in the country if all Nigerians have positive change of mind. Odetoyinbo also expressed confidence in President Muhammadu Buhari’s fight against corruption. In "News" Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, Alake and Paramount ruler of Egbaland, Oba Adedotun Gbadebo are among the dignitaries that will grace the 25th anniversary of the Canonical Erection of the Catholic Diocese of Abeokuta. In "News" Bishop of Abeokuta Diocese, Most Rev. Dr. Kayode Odetoyinbo has urged President Muhammadu Buhari not to allow his war on anti-corruption be lopsided. Speaking at the closing ceremony of a three day pastoral visit to St. Mary’s Catholic Parish, Alaja, Ifo in Ogun State, on Sunday, February 14, Odetoyinbo said,… In "News"