…says it’s consistent with growing trend among frontline Nigerian statesmen  The Presidential Campaign Council of the Labour Party has welcomed the decision of foremost Ijaw leader and Nigerian statesman Chief Edwin Clark.  Chief Spokesman for the LP PCC, Dr. Yunusa Tanko said this in a telephone interview with Vanguard in Abuja, on Tuesday.  He said the LP campaign was delighted that statesmen were speaking up for a better United Nigeria devoid of sentiments.  Yunusa said, “We welcome this endorsement like we welcomed that of our former President,Chief Olusegun Obasanjo.  “What our great leader Chief Edwin K. Clark said is consistent with the growing confidence among statesmen as well as the generality of Nigerians that we have a golden opportunity to save Nigeria and set it on the path of growth.  “This endorsement like the one before it shows clearly that Nigerians young and old are convinced that our candidate, Mr. Peter Obi and his running mate, Dr. Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed have the competence and track record of performance to put Nigeria where it rightly belongs in the comity of nations.  “The both posses the track record, commitment and zeal to confront the monster that has held this giant nation down for decades.  “We look forward to more endorsements just as we expect the ultimate endorsement of the generality of Nigerians come February.”  South-South leader, Senator Edwin Clark, has commiserated with the families of late Finance Minister, Mallam Adamu Ciroma and late Inspector-General of Police, Alhaji Ibrahim Coomassie over the demise of the late elder-statesmen. In "News" LEADERS of thought, elder statesmen from four of the six geo-political zones of the country, under the aegis of Southern and Middle Belt Leaders Forum are at the moment, grilling former governor of Jigawa state state and Presidential aspirant on the platform of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Sule Lamido. In "News" National Secretary of Pan Niger Delta Forum, PANDEF, Dr. Alfred Mulade, Tuesday, called on the Federal Government to explain within the next 48 hours the reason(s) for the degrading treatment meted on one of the fathers of the nation, Senator Edwin Clark, by the Police, at his Abuja home. In "News"