Manchester United are currently exploring options to sign Mohammed Kudus in the January transfer window as they continue seek a replacement for Cristiano Ronaldo. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner saw his contract terminated before the World Cup following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan, with his departure creating a shortfall in attack for manager Erik ten Hag. Kudus’s future, however, has been the subject of speculation in recent weeks, with a number of clubs said to be interested in signing the 22-year-old in the winter market. Read Also Chelsea offer Benfica £87m, Ziyech, two other players for Enzo Fernandez Manager ten Hag, who is well familiar with Kudus during their time together, is reported by the Daily Mirror, to have identified the 22-year-old as a suitable option to reinforce the Red Devils attack but would have to meet the asking price of £35m for the Ghana international. The report claims that the Premier League side are yet to make an official offer, but there have been discussions over a possible January move for the versatile forward. The attacker has been in productive form for Ajax in the ongoing 2022/23 campaign, scoring 10 goals and scooping up two assists in 21 appearances in all competitions. The forward was also in starring action for Ghana at the 2022 World Cup, scoring twice in three appearances at the competition.  By Efosa Taiwo Ghana did the continent of Africa proud on Monday when it edged out South Korea 3-2 at the Education City Stadium. After a dominant start from the Koreans, Ghana were able to withstand the pressure as they went ahead to grab a two-goal lead before halftime courtesy… In "Qatar World Cup" By Efosa Taiwo Ghanaian midfielder, Mohammed Kudus has been praised by Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp after netting a stunner for Ajax in the UEFA Champions League on Tuesday evening. The midfielder fired in a thunderous strike to cancel an early goal from Mohamed Salah before Joel Matip stepped up to… In "News" By Evelyn Usman     October 18, 2019 was a day of horror for the Anifowoshes in particular and residents of Igbogbo community in Ikorodu area of Lagos. This was due to the discovery of the lifeless body of 14-year-old Kudus Anifowoshe, in an uncompleted building, located three buildings away… In "Crime Guard"