By Peter Egwuatu Abbey Mortgage Bank has kicked start the year 2023 was it bagged double investment rating. Kicking the year off on a new high, Abbey received new ratings, ‘A-’ from Data Pro, a leading technology-driven credit rating agency. According to Data Pro,: “the rating indicates good credit quality and the satisfactory capacity for timely payment of Financial Commitments. In short, Abbey Mortgage Bank is a bank that you can trust.” In a statement by Abbey, : “This new rating comes merely a few months after we received a ‘BBB-’ rating from Agusto and CO, another reputable credit rating agency in Africa. In a statement issued by DataPro ,they had nothing but praise for Abbey Mortgage Bank stating, “This bank, in our opinion, has a strong ability to meet its ongoing obligations. The DataPro Rating Committee authorised the rating after assessment of the bank’s financial performance, capital adequacy, asset quality, liquidity, profitability, corporate governance, risk management/factors as well as future outlook of its current healthy profile in the medium to long-term period.” This certifies the bank as a financial institution of excellence and a force to be reckoned with in the banking industry. Furthermore, it gives the bank a boost in recognition for its prospective customers. In 2022, total assets stood at N44.102 billion, a 27.98% increase from the N34.460 billion reported in 2021 with a projection of N1.37 billion in interest income. “We appreciate the recognition and proud of every one of our people committed to making Abbey Mortgage Bank a leading institution in the sector” – said Dipo Adeoye, Executive Director, Treasury & Business Growth of Abbey Mortgage Bank. As the first month of the year draws to a close, the bank is well on the way to reaching new limits and exceeding expectations this 2023.  DataPro, the technology-driven credit rating agency (CRA) has in its latest report assigned Abbey Mortgage Bank Plc a long-term rating of “A-” with an evolving outlook for the year 2022/2023. In "News" By Moses Nosike The 30th Annual General Meeting of Abbey Mortgage Bank is scheduled to hold on Tuesday July 19, 2022, at our corporate head office, Karimu Kotun Street Victoria Island, Lagos. As one of the only seven national Primary Mortgage Banks (PMBs) licensed by the Central Bank of Nigeria… In "News" By Moses Nosike Abbey Mortgage Bank celebrates 30 years of providing excellent service delivery and being the first choice for mortgage, housing, finance and investment. According to a statement by the Managing Director, Mobolaji Adewumi, “Abbey Mortgage Bank is now repositioning itself for the next 30 years and would continue… In "News"