Relegation-threatened Everton have sacked manager Frank Lampard after less than a year in charge at the Goodison Park club, British media reported on Monday. The former Chelsea boss was appointed to replace Rafael Benitez in January 2022 but leaves with the side 19th in the table, level on points with bottom club Southampton. In a sign of the turmoil enveloping Everton, club directors were earlier this month ordered to stay away from Goodison Park due to perceived security risks. Everton fell to a damaging 2-0 defeat at fellow-strugglers West Ham on Saturday — a ninth loss in their past 12 Premier League matches. Club owner Farhad Moshiri, who was at the game in London, was asked after the game whether it was time for Lampard to be sacked. “I can’t comment. It’s not my decision,” he told Sky Sports. Speaking about his own future, Lampard said: “Those things are not my choice. It is my job to work, focus and keep my head down. “I know there’s things going on at the club but it’s never been a consequence for me whether a chairman or board member is at the game.”  Manchester United legend, Wayne Rooney has been tipped as the favourite to replace Everton manager, Frank Lampard, at Goodison Park. According to talkSPORT, Lampard is on the verge of being fired as Everton coach following Everton’s woeful form so far this season. The report noted that Rooney, who is the… In "News" Alex Iwobi and his Everton teammates will continue the struggle to remain in the Premier League when they travel to relegated Watford on Wednesday. Everton are looking to win three consecutive Premier League matches for the first time since March 2021, while they last won consecutive away league matches in… In "Sports" By Biodun Busari  Manchester City have the chance to increase the title pressure on league leaders Arsenal as defending champions host Everton on Saturday at Etihad. Pep Guardiola's side beat Leeds United 3-1 on their return to Premier League action to close the gap on Arsenal to five points at… In "Sports"