Shina Abubakar, Osogbo The Vice-Chancellor, of Fountain University Osogbo, Osun state, Professor Amidu Sanni has disclosed that bitter politics was responsible for the inability of private universities to access federal government education grants. He also disclosed that the university will confer honourary doctorate degrees on the Chief of Air Staff, CAS, Oladayo Amao, Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum at its 12th convocation ceremony. Addressing newsmen at the University Senate Building in Osogbo on Monday ahead of the convocation ceremony, Professor Amidu said private universities apart from not making a profit is also contributing to national development by building human capacity. There is a lot of bitter politics in Nigeria and it is unfortunate that the government, while establishing Tetfund, restricted it to only public varsities, so private institutions can’t benefit from federal government funds meanwhile all these students go for NYSC. I urge lawmakers in the country to also use the legislative framework and extend it to private institutions. We operate in Nigeria, train Nigerians and enhance nation-building. While highlighting the various degrees to be awarded, he added that prominent Nigerians including the Chief of Air Staff, CAS, Oladayo Amao, Borno State Governor, Babagana Zulum among others will be awarded doctorate degrees, (Honoris causa) “For the 2021/2022 session, a total of 240 graduating students will be conferred with their first degree in various disciplines and 19 at the Postgraduate level, precisely a Master’s Degree. The breakdown is as follows: 17 in First Class, 88 in Second Class Upper, 107 S Second Class Lower, and 28 in Third Class. “Four notable Nigerians are to be awarded honorary degrees. These are  Alhaji Sulaimon Alao, Community Leader in Osogbo to be awarded a doctorate degree in Sociology (Honoris Causa); Air Marshall Isiaka Oladayo Amao, Honorary doctorate degree in Public Administration; Vice Admiral Jubrila Ayinla, Honorary doctorate degree in sciences; Professor Babagana Umara Zulum, Governor of Borno State with a doctorate degree in Public Administration”, he added.  Vice-Chancellor, Fountain University, Osogbo, Osun State, Professor  Amidu Sanni, has appeal to the Federal Government to include private universities as beneficiaries of  Tertiary Education Trust Fund. In "Education" The authorities of the Fountain University, Osogbo have given scholarship to 38 students of the institution for the 2008/2009 academic session. In "Education" The Board of Trustees and Management of Fountain University has appointed Chairman, Jaiz Bank Plc, Dr. Umaru Mutallab (CON) as the new Chancellor of the University. His conferment as Chancellor of the University held during the 9th Convocation Ceremony at the school Auditorium in Osogbo, Osun State, on Tuesday. The… In "News"