The Lagos State Organising Secretary of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Ayodele Adewale, has claimed that the bullion vans spotted at the residence of Asiwaju Bola Tinubu’s residence on the eve of the 2019 presidential election “missed their way.” Adewale stated this while speaking in an interview on Arise Television’s The Morning Show on Thursday. Read also: Attacking Buhari won’t save you, Atiku tells Tinubu According to him, the bullion van matter had been put to rest a long time ago. He said, “On the bullion van or no bullion van and all of that, I think that matter has been put to rest. There was no money in the bullion van. The bullion vans that even came missed their way to have come there. “I was in that house on that very day and it was not on an election day. The bullion vans missed their way to have come there. Adewale further said, “There are some companies that have high (number of) staff (members); that pay their staff with cash; that bullion van missed its way there, and it was not invited by Asiwaju or anybody.” Meanwhile, Adewale’s justification differs with the position of the APC standard bearer in 2019.  Recall that Tinubu, had while responding to questions about the bullion vans at his residence in Bourdillon, Ikoyi, said he could keep his money wherever he wanted. Tinubu said this while fielding questions from journalists shortly after casting his vote in 2019. He said, “Excuse me, is it my money or government money? I don’t work for the government. I am not in an agency of government and let anyone come out to say I have collected contract from the government of President Muhammadu Buhari or the APC in the last five years. They should prove it. “I am on my own and I am committed to my party. So, even if I have money to spend on my premises, what is your headache? If I don’t represent any agency of government and I have money to spend, if I like, I give it to the people free of charge as long as it is not to buy votes. “Who are those monitoring my house or bullion vans? They must be mischief makers because they report falsehoods. They are liars and idle,” he said.  By Gabriel Ewepu - Abuja Civil Society Organisations, CSOs, Friday, called on the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC, to investigate the leader of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Sen Bola Tinubu, over alleged money conveyed in bullion vans on the eve of 2019 presidential election. This was contained in… In "News" Human rights activist, Deji Adeyanju on Friday submitted a petition to the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission over the appearance of Bullion Vans in the compound of the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Tinubu on the eve of 2019 presidential elections. READ ALSO: Nigeria needs leader that is… In "News" Keyamo, Tinubu By Biodun Busari Minister of State for Labour and Employment, Festus Keyamo has fired back at critics of the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC,  Bola Tinubu, questioning the authenticity of his family.  Keyamo said this in a conversation held on a Twitter Spaces Programme organised… In "News"