By Biodun Busari  Saudi Arabia is reportedly prepared to bend its laws which disallow non-married couples to co-habit for Al-Nassr’s new player, Cristiano Ronaldo.  The 37-year-old Portuguese forward joined Al-Nassr and became the highest paid footballer in December 2022 following a mutual termination of his contract with the Premier League side, Manchester United. Reports, however, revealed that Ronaldo and his partner, Georgina Rodriguez will be permitted to live together without punishment.  Read also: Why Ronaldo can’t make his debut for Al-Nassr yet The five-time Ballon d’Or winner met Rodriguez in 2016 while plying his trade with Spanish giants, Real Madrid and they have lived together as marital partners but without marriage, having five children. A source confirmed this, according to Daily Mail, on Friday that Ronaldo who moved to Saudi Arabia already living with his spouse may not be sanctioned by laws.   Unmarried couples are forbidden to live together in Saudi Arabia.  Ronaldo and his partner also have their children – Bella, Alana, Cristiano Jr. and Eva and Mateo living with them. Daily Mail reported that Ronaldo is unlikely to be punished due to his status as one of the most marketable athletes in the world. According to the report which quoted two separate Saudi lawyers, the appropriate authorities are expected not to become involved in Ronaldo’s situation. “Although the laws still prohibit cohabitation without a marriage contract, the authorities have begun to turn a blind eye and do not persecute anyone. Of course, these laws are used when there is a problem or a crime,” one of the legal practitioners said. Daily Mail quoted the second one saying ”The Saudi Arabian authorities, today, do not interfere in this matter [in the case of foreigners], but the law continues to prohibit cohabitation outside of marriage.”  Football megastar, Cristiano Ronaldo, is expecting twins with his girlfriend, Georgina Rodriguez In "News" Cristiano Ronaldo with his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez has been enjoying an idyllic break in the South of France. In "Entertainment" CRISTIANO RONALDO and Georgina Rodriguez plan to marry after the 2018 World Cup in Russia, according to reports. In "News"