Nigerian Afrobeats singer, Davido and his wife Chioma have elevated their love by getting their names tattooed on each other’s ring fingers. In the widely shared video, Chioma and Davido were seen tattooing each other’s names on their ring fingers. According to report, the bride price (Umunna) for Chioma has reportedly been paid in full by Davido at Ezeala Odu in the Imo state. In images and videos posted online, Chioma’s father can be seen concluding the Umunna and Umuada rites. Read Also Joke Silva reveals how she manages Olu Jacobs’ health Arsenal’s Odegaard named Premier League Player of the Month Some fans of the singer have since reacted to the video online. hiebywhumey said, “Sealed forever and ever. theadiorbrand said, “I sincerely didn’t think this two will get this far. I’m so proud of them. God bless their marriage. vstarma said, “The love stand strong. officialbobbyfredrick__ said, “I really wish them true happiness in their married life, may they not trend because of separation but only for more awwwn n God when. bellezahavenevent said, “Congrats David and Chioma… thisisrachelle_ said, “No matter how much a man is surrounded by women, the heart definitely knows whom it wants. hrh_kingdiamond said, “David is doing everything possible to give Chioma the assurance she needs and the support. I love him for it.  By Ada Osadebe Fans have reacted to the updated Wikipedia page of Nigerian singer, Davido that shows he is married to his lover, Chioma. According to reports, Davido completed the customary wedding ceremonies for Chioma on Thursday. The singer's Wikipedia profile has since been updated to reflect his new marital… In "Entertainment" Nigerian superstar, David ‘Davido’ Adeleke is engaged to long-time girlfriend, Chioma Rowland. In "Entertainment" Popular music act lover, Chioma Rowland  has finally accepted an unofficial proposal of her boyfriend, Davido, after the latter publicly declared to the world that he wants to spend the rest of his life with her. In "Entertainment"