By Biodun Busari The creator of the new economic system, a wonderful investment opportunity- Compassionate Capitalism, King Charles N Lambert- has announced the creation of the Pan African Job Centre, a program that will help curb unemployment in Africa by creating over 300 million jobs for African youths across the continent. King Charles N Lambert- nicknamed The African Oracle- announced that these jobs will be created through the 28 points of the new economic system, Compassionate Capitalism, he founded. Read also: Youth unemployment rate in Africa highest in the world – Obasanjo Acknowledging that Africa’s biggest challenge and the problem is unemployment, King Lambert hopes this new innovation, The Pan African Job Centre will process African youths into jobs in the 28 sectors after getting certificates following an intense training program. “The job centre is already implemented on the platform online, and will soon be implemented physically offline with actual physical setup across various African countries,” King Lambert announced. He added that this development will aid in building industries to help control production.King Lambert declared: “It’s no secret that we are the richest continent in the world.” All this, King Lambert added, will be made possible by working with Indians to help bring the over 300 million youths into the job ranks within the Compassionate Capitalism 28 sectors. Earlier, King Lambert had announced a partnership called The India/Africa Technology Pact. This pact will see Black Wall Street employ one million Indians that will work towards improving Africans.  “It’s no secret that Indians have the best work ethics in the world. They are the best customer service people, and platform workers, and will introduce innovative solutions that will change every sector in the Compassionate Capitalism ranks,” King Lambert announced. “It’s a bottom-up consumer solutions,” he added. This is all aimed at empowering Africans and eliminating European capitalism which has set Africa behind. This is to achieve African Capitalism Independence by providing investment opportunities within the 28 sectors. Black Wall Street (BWS) is leveraging on Capital as a factor of production. “Investment is the vaccine for poverty,” King Lambert declared. Upap is shares to the entire business operations of the Back Wall Street pegged per share at $100 per month in dividend and $30,000 in Cash Out Value. Upap is secured using 20,000 Investment Points gained from purchases at Redirect Mall.  King Charles N. Lambert of the Black Wall Street, Creator of Compassionate Capitalism is the very first African in history to propose and implement revolutionary changes to Africa’s economic system as the primary way to deliver the continent from poverty and gross underdevelopment which is why he is known as… In "News" Famous Pan Africanist Patrick Loch Otieno (PLO) Lumumba will deliver a keynote speech at the highly anticipated Black Wall Street Resurrection event, Chairman Charles Lambert has announced. The Black Wall Street community will hold The Resurrection Event; Africa’s Rebirth on the 31st May and 1st June 2021 in Kampala. Mr.… In "News" King Charles N Lambert, the innovative leader of Africa’s first ever economic war for economic independence and creator of Compassionate Capitalism has released what is known as ‘Development Rankings’ as a primary step towards bridging the development divide between Africa and Europe and the making of a Super Power Africa.  The Development… In "News"