One of the pillars of the entertainment industry in Nigeria and the Founder of the prestigious AMAA Awards, Peace Anyiam-Osigwe is dead. She reportedly gave up the ghost at St. Nicolas Hospital, Lagos after being in a coma since Saturday. While colleagues and close friends, some of whom went to see her at hospital wouldn’t believe news of her demise, maintaining that she was merely in the ICU, notable movie maker, Zik Zulu broke the news. Read Also: In Lagos, landlords can’t rent house to Labour Party – Pat Utomi    “Our President, Peace, has passed. As at Saturday, she was reported to be in coma at Saint Nicholas. But now her family has confirmed her transition. May the memory of her life be a blessing. Rest in peace, dear Peace, he writes on a Nollywood platform. Award-winning producer, Obi Emelonye also confirmed her passing-on on his social media handles even though the family was trying to be courteous with releasing the information. The industrious woman would be remembered as one of those who shaped the face of the new Nollywood, as her contributions to the industry can not be overemphasized. Peace Anyiam-Osigwe was not only the Founder of the African Movie Academy Awards, AMAA, she was also the President of the Association of Movie Producers, AMP and one of the most prominent figures in Nollywood.  AMAA Founder of the Africa Movie Academy Awards, Peace Anyiam-Osigwe, has outlined the planned activities ahead of the 17th edition of the awards ceremony. Anyiam-Osigwe, at a media parley, introduced members of the AMA team. The new members of the team include Abiola Durodola and Oyinkan Talabi. Durodola and Talabi… In "News" Founder of  African Movies Academy Award,AMAA, Peace Anyiam-Osigwe alongside Kenyan Hollywood star, Benjamin Onyango, who played a key role in “Tears of the Sun” with Bruce Willis will be in the limelight from June 27, in the United States. In "Music" Penultimate Sunday, organisers of the prestigious African Movie Academy Awards (AMAA) scored another brilliant point when it flagged-off the screening of its 2012 winning movies at the Freedom Park, on the Lagos Island. In "Home Video People"