By Ibrahim Hassan, Kaduna  The Zazzau Emirate Council in Kaduna State has dismissed a palace guard over alleged rape of a lady. The lady was said to have sought to see the Emir for assistance through the palace guard, but was taken elsewhere where she was allegedly raped.  The Media and Publicity Officer of the Zazzau Emirate, Abdullahi Aliyu Kwarbai in a statement on Wednesday, said that Zazzau Emirate Council under the Emir of Zazzau, His Highness Malam Ahmed Nuhu Bamalli, CFR has ordered for the immediate dismissal of Sama’ila  Abubakar Rimin Tsiwa (One of the Palace Guard, Dogari) from the Services of the Emirate.” “A lady preparing for her wedding seeking for assistance from the Emir approached  him (Sama’ila), to be taken before the Emir but instead of doing that, he lured her to a location with his friends were they gang-raped her.” “The Council has directed the Police to speed-up with their investigations and ensure prosecution of the culprits without any delay.” The Zazzau Emirate Council also promised to follow up with the case and ensure justice was done to the lady.  By Ibrahim HassanWuyo Dignitaries from across the nation converged in Zaria to condole with the people of Zazzau Emirate on the death of Alhaji Shehu Idris, immediate past emir of Zazzau. Former Nigerian President, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, incumbent Senate President, Senator Ahmed Lawan, Yobe. State Governor Maimala Buni ,Mr Boni… In "News" By Ibrahim HassanWuyo The Zazzau Emirate in Kaduna state may be divided into 3 for easy administration, sources say. Already on Tuesday in Kaduna, Governor Nasiru Ahmad El-Rufai confirmed the existence of a bill, to that effect. The Governor on Tuesday during the presentation of the 2021 budget before the… In "News" Kaduna State government has declared three days mourning for the late Emir of Zazzau, Alhaji Shehu Idris. The Special Adviser to the Governor Nasir el-Rufai on Media and Communication, Mr. Muyiwa Adekeye, announced this in a statement on Monday. In "News"