Super Eagles Head Coach, José Santos Peseiro was present at the NFF/FIFA Goal Project pitch on Tuesday as Nigeria’s U20 boys, Flying Eagles mauled Capital City Football Academy 4-0 in a friendly match.  The warm-up game was another tune-up session to the game against Junior Chipolopolo of Zambia on Saturday at the Moshood Abiola Stadium, as part of the general preparations for the Africa U20 Cup of Nations tournament in Egypt next month.   Goals from Samson Lawal, Agbalaka Solomon,  Olamilekan Adams and Yahaya Ibrahim ensured the Flying Eagles extended their unbeaten run to sixteen games.  A delighted Peseiro, while speaking with Head Coach of the Flying Eagles, Ladan Bosso said the team has a lot of quality and he is convinced that the U20 boys will put up a performance in Egypt that would be good enough to qualify them for the FIFA U20 World Cup finals in Indonesia later this year.  The Portuguese tactician was at the match venue together with NFF Technical Director, Augustine Eguavoen and Super Eagles Team Administrator, Dayo Enebi Achor.  The Flying Eagles are billed to play Zambia U20 men’s team on Saturday before the team departs Nigeria for Morocco on Wednesday next week.  The Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE), South Africa, is intensifying efforts to concretize the recent partnership arrangement with the Nigerian Stock Exchange (NSE) to create a robust cross-border listing of and trade in equities of Nigerian companies. The investable funds’ pool in JSE is put at about US$800 billion (N160 trillion). In "News" The Johannesburg Stock Exchange, JSE, yesterday, suspended trading of Oando Plc shares on its exchange after it received a letter from Nigerian Stock Exchange, NSE, regarding the directives from the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC. In "News" The Johannesburg Stock Exchange launched Friday an investigation into mobile giant MTN for "possible insider trading" before the South African company announced it had been hit by a $5.2 billion fine in Nigeria. In "News"