By Biodun Busari The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) has appealed to the Federal Government to unconditionally release Nnamdi Kanu for the sake of some Igbo leaders that died recently. IPOB made the appeal in a statement released on Saturday to mourn the passing of President General and former Deputy President of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Professor George Obiozor and Dr Joel Kroham who died on December 26 and August 30, 2022, respectively. The group urged President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration to honour the late elder statesmen because of their efforts of demanding the release of Kanu when they were alive. Read also: Ohanaeze, IPOB pay tribute to Amechi who begged Buhari for Kanu’s freedom Adieu George Obiozor, magnanimous Nigerian statesman     Let’s destroy APC, PDP’s killer structure – Obi tells Nigerians The statement signed by IPOB’s spokesperson, Emma Powerful, also mentioned that former Aviation Minister, Chief Mbazulike Amechi, who died on November 1, 2022, led a delegation to beg Buhari on Kanu’s behalf should be respected by the government.      “We, the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) under the leadership of Nnamdi Kanu commiserate with the families of the President General of Ohaneze Ndigbo Worldwide, Professor George Obiozor, and Dr Joel Kroham who died after brief illnesses,” the statement said.  “Igbo family has lost two irokos who have kept shade over their people. IPOB has lost people who have been working and speaking during their lifetime, urging the federal government of Nigeria to release Nnamdi Kanu.  “The movement also worked closely with Late Elder Amaechi Mbazuluike, who died on November 1st, 2022. “Ndi Igbo has lost some great leaders within the last two months. These men demanded that Buhari and his APC government release Kanu. We continue to urge the Nigerian government to release Kanu because of these great men who are now in the bosom of the Lord,” IPOB stated.  “Ndigbo will be very grateful if the Federal Government of Nigeria releases Nnamdi Kanu for peace to reign in the land of the Rising Sun.  “We asked God Almighty who lives in Heaven to give the families fortitude to bear these great losses to their families,” it added.  Factional President-General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Chief Engr. Chidi Ibe has cautioned Amb. George Obiozor to stop speaking for Ndigbo. In "News" Nnamdi Kanu The President General of Ohanaeze Ndigbo Worldwide, Professor George Obiozor, has appointed Dr Chukwuemeka Ezeife to lead the Ohanaeze delegation to the trial of IPOB leader, Nnamdi Kanu. The National Legal Adviser, Bar Joseph Ojobu and myself, Chief Goddy Uwazurike, will be the lawyers representing Ohanaeze on a… In "News" By Nnamdi Ojiego & Olayinka Ajayi The President General of the apex Igbo socio-cultural organisation, Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Professor George Obiozor, yesterday, reiterated that Ndigbo are  not at war with Nigeria, stressing that Ndigbo would continue their efforts to seek justice, peace  and fairness in all their dealings with everybody in… In "News"