I am seven months pregnant and I’m not sure who the father of my baby is. I don’t know if it is my current boyfriend or the one before him. To be honest, I am still in love with my ex-boyfriend and very much want the baby to be his.We split up about the time I got pregnant, because he had roving eyes. When I told him about the likelihood of his being responsible for my pregnancy, he said I should let him know when the baby is born; that he would want definite proof that he was the father, and not my current boyfriend. Read Also: Dear Bunmi, he won’t have sex after surviving prostate cancer I think about my ex all the time and want us to get together again. I’m hoping fervently that the child is his, so that he would come back to me. Cynthia, by e-mail. Dear Cynthia, I wouldn’t be too optimistic if I were you. When your baby arrives, you can easily arrange for a blood test to find out who the father really is.  But is your current boyfriend aware of your present dilemma? How would he feel about succumbing to a paternity test? What would be his reaction if it was proved he didn’t father the child?  You’re in a real dilemma here, and only time and your conscience will sort things out.  It was the end of the road for a father of two, who specialised in using social media platforms, especially Facebook, to lure gullible ladies to hotels, where he sedates, rapes and dispossesses them of their valuables. In "News" I’ve been sleeping with my boyfriend’s father for a while now and I’m pregnant and the baby could be his. The thing is, I’ve also been sleeping with my boyfriend. I’m scared as I’m only 19 and an undergraduate. I know what I did was wrong, but I don’t know… In "Relationships" A pregnant mother was jailed for eight months after lying about the father of her baby on the birth certificate to spite her ex-boyfriend. Louise Boyce, 30, pretended her new boyfriend Nathan Leggatt was the baby's father instead of her former lover Ashley Sayce - and took him to register… In "Foreign"