I currently live with my boyfriend and we have been trying for a baby for close to a year now with no success. I’ve had fertility tests, and so has he – they’re all positive.  I’m getting really depressed at not being able to conceive yet. I’ve noticed that every time we have sex, the sperm seems to run back out of me. Read Also: Dear Bunmi, is this contraceptives method fullproof? Do you think this could be the reason why I’m not pregnant yet? Jola, by e-mail. Dear Jola, Even if some sperm leaks out when you make love, enough should be able to travel up through the cervix to your ovaries. But if you think there’s a problem, try sexual positions that let your partner penetrate you deeply – the missionary position with your legs on his shoulder is particularly good. When he climaxes, he should thrust in as far as possible, then withdraw in a straight line so the semen pools at the far end of your vagina. You should try to orgasm, as this will dip your cervix into the semen. Afterwards, lie on your back for 30 minutes with your knees up to your breast and a pillow under your pelvis, to stop sperm leaking out.  If after three months you’ve still had no good results, ask for further tests. (Share your problems and release your burden. Write now to Dear Bunmi: bunmsof@yahoo.co.uk)  THE scene was set for seduction. The dining table almost creeked with artistically crafted food dishes all wafting appetizing aroma. The plates were patterned Wedgewood and the spoons pure stainless steel with gold tips. A bottle of wine sat in a bucket at a corner of the table, and Jola,… In "News" IT’S over one year since I got married and have been trying to get pregnant.So far, there’s no chance of that happening. I had an abortion three years ago and I’m worried that there’s something wrong. I’ve read about the best time to conceive, yet we’ve had no success. I… In "News" By Bunmi Sofola Why do some successful women fall for cads?  This was a poser I put to Jola, a very good friend and a thorough professional who continues to reap the benefits of her labour.  Unfortunately, the same couldn’t be said for her husband.  They are both chartered accountants… In "Relationships"