By Biodun Busari  No fewer than five people have died as a retired military officer shot five people dead in Sagarejo, a city in Eastern Georgia on Friday.  The shooting also left another five people injured before the gunman took his own life. According to Common Space, the 49-year-old offender whose identity was concealed had served in the Georgian Defence Forces between 2006 and 2021. Read also: Six-yr-old pupil detained for shooting teacher in US He was also in the NATO-led peacekeeping mission in Afghanistan.  Among the victims of the grave incident was a 38-year-old police officer, Otar Gvinashvili who sustained fatal injuries while trying to protect another person during the shooting. Gvinashvili was confirmed dead in the hospital.  The gunman reportedly began shooting with an automatic rifle from both balconies of his third-floor flat, including one overlooking the interior yard, in the early hours of Friday morning.  He reportedly shot dead four of his neighbours. A 21-year-old man remains in critical condition. Georgian Interior Minister Vakhtang Gomelauri reported that the shooter had shot himself in the head as security forces entered his flat. He added that they had to sweep the area after discovering pins from hand grenades. Gomelauri confirmed neighbours’ reports that the shooter’s adult son had fled the flat after his father started shooting. The incident was first reported by a doctor at a local hospital, who complained on Facebook that doctors were unable to approach the scene to help the wounded.  Former Accountant-General of old Bendel State, Mr Simeon Eyoma Okotie, JP, is dead, aged 79. He died at the Atlanta Medical Centre, Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States. In "News" US President Donald Trump spent more than an hour on the phone to election officials in Georgia, as he continues to try to overturn the result in the state, BBC reports. He made a number of accusations of fraud for which he did not provide evidence. We've fact-checked some of… In "News" Eighty-eight year-old Retired Justice of the Supreme Court, Justice Adolphus Karibi-Whyte, is dead. Gogo, his son who confirmed the death said he died on Friday in Port Harcourt, Rivers State. In "News"