By Emma Una, Calabar THE Coordinator of Tinubu/Shetima Grassroots Independent Campaign Council, Cross River chapter, Elder David Okon says Ahmed Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, has not Islamised his wife, who is a Christian and would therefore not islamise Nigeria. Speaking in Calabar, while inaugurating the senatorial and local chapters of the organisation, Okon said Tinubu is humane and the composition of his executive council, when he was governor of Lagos State, speaks volume of his nature which shows that he has no sinister plans against Christians. He said the Tinubu/Shetima Grassroots Independent Council is the brain child of Tinubu to carry out door-to-door canvassing of votes for his election and its membership spreads across the country. “This group is a Council of its own and not competing with the PCC, but to work in synergy with other campaign bodies to ensure the emergence of our principal, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu as the next President of Nigeria,” Okon added. He said Asiwaju has chosen the Grassroots Independent Campaign Council as his disciples to spread his message across the country and called on all those inaugurated to be up and doing. Professor Eyo Etim Nyong, Chairman of the event, who spoke in the same direction, stated that God can use negative situations to change the lives of his people and opined that the Muslim- Muslim ticket would turn out to be a blessing to the country. He said what Nigerians’ need at this moment is to focus on those things that bind them together and not what divides them as the country was going through challenging tines. The Chairman, Presidential Campaign Council, Media in Cross River State, Miss Beatrice Akpala, pledged to work with other campaign organisations to facilitate landslide victory for Tinubu in the forthcoming election Akpala said the media unit of the PCC is working hard to publicise the electoral value of Tinubu in all parts of the country to harvest massive votes for the APC presidential candidate. “We are taking the message of what this country stands to benefit from Tinubu and particularly what our state stands to gain from Tinubu being sworn in as President of this country in May and in that regard we are ready to work with organisations, corporate bodies and individuals campaigning for Tinubu/Shetima election Victory conr February,” he added. Miss Akpala, whose speech was delivered by a member of the PCC Media Unit, Mr Emmanuel Unah, said the victory of Tinubu in the election is sure, stating that the focus presently in the campaign is the magnitude of victory to silence the opponents.  Plateau APC women distribute campaign materials for Tinubu/Shetima, Lalong In "News" 2023:  Tinubu/Shetima will win presidential election - Lalong In "News" Omo-Agege Ahead of the 2023 general elections, the Deputy President of the Senate, Ovie Omo-Agege, has dismissed fears that Nigeria might be islamised if the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, win the presidential poll next year. Omo-Agege assured that the Christians will benefit so… In "News"