By Francis Ewherido A  CIRCULAR dated December 22, 2022, from the National Insurance Commission, NAICOM, increased the premium and limit of liability of various classes of motor insurance. Motor (third Party Insurance) is one of the six compulsory insurances. What NAICOM did was to increase third party property damage for all categories of vehicles. There was no uproar for motorcycles, tricycles and others. We all seem to have accepted the culture that when tricycles and motorcycles damage your vehicle or property, the riders prostate before you to beg, you forgive them and life goes on. Sometimes, if the riders have numbers, they bully and can even beat up the innocent party. Some unlucky innocent parties have been lynched. No problem because we live in a jungle, abi?  The damage of third party property by private vehicle owners was increased from N1m to N3m with a corresponding increase in premium from N5,000 to N15,000. That is where the uproar is, but why? We have carefully ignored the commensurate benefits and focus only on the increase in premium. You can look at the issue from many dimensions. One, more private vehicle owners are affected by this increment. Two, many people used to pay the N5000 premium as “chicken feed” to get motor  TP insurance certificate and get “irritant” and “nosey” law enforcement agents off their backs. Now, N15,000 is no more “chicken feed”. Now you need to take your time to know the benefits or relief your N15,000 can provide for you: If you hit a third party and he is injured, your insurance company is liable to pay the cost of treatment. God forbid, if your vehicles kills a third party on the road, your insurance company is liable. In the case of injury, the hospital bill will provide a basis for compensation. If it is death, the family of the deceased will meet with the policyholder/his insurance company to agree on compensation. Where no agreement is reached, you go to court.  In the event of property damage, the limit is N3million. If the damage is beyond N3m, the insurance company will be liable to pay only N3m. The policyholder has to pay the balance from his pocket. Note that all non-life policies are subject to indemnity. In other words, the job of insurance companies is to put you in the financial position you were immediately before the incident, no more, no less. You are not supposed to make profit from a loss. For death or bodily injuries, they are not subject to indemnity because you cannot place a value on life, injuries or loss of limb. The remedies I highlighted earlier and others like the annual income of the deceased are what are applicable in determining compensation. Some commentators have been accusing NAICOM of being insensitive to the plight of ordinary Nigerians. Are third parties not among ordinary Nigerians? Did NAICOM increase the rate without doing its homework? Is it not the same NAICOM that knows that some insurance companies are making underwriting losses and rely on income from investments to stay afloat? Is it not the same NAICOM that has cancelled licenses of insurance companies due to inability to meet claims and other obligations? Is it a crime that NAICOM wants appropriate pricing to enable insurance companies meet their claims and other obligations? The questions can go on and on, but let me stop here. At the risk of getting a backlash, I say, there are over 200 million Nigerians out of which less than 10 million own cars. Are all car owners in Nigeria part of the “ordinary Nigerians”? At the minimum it takes roughly N10,000 to fuel your car and keep it on the road monthly, while the N15,000 new premium is the annual premium. Ten thousand naira a week times 52 weeks a year comes to N520,000 to keep your car on the road per annum. Let us even assume you use it only half of the time; that is still N260,000, a far cry from the N15,000 premium per annum for third party premium. I personally feel the challenge people have with the hike in the rate of TP premium is the general lack of appreciation of insurance in Nigeria (insurance penetration in Nigeria is less than one per cent) and lack of appreciation of the benefits of Motor TP Insurance. That is what I feel practitioners should deal with and how to build trust in insurance, not arguments about appropriate pricing and other attempts to deodorise rate cutting. Let us be honest, what led to the demise of some insurance companies? Apart from lack of corporate governance and fiscal rascality by the board and management, a major factor responsible for inability to pay claims by insurance companies is the charging of unsustainable premium rates. The primary task of insurance companies is to pay claims always. To do that, you have to charge appropriate premium to enable companies have good pool of resources from which they can pay claims at all time. Or don’t you, the insuring public, want your genuine motor TP claims paid without “grammar?”  One thing for sure about the new rates is that potential policyholders will take more interest in the benefits of the third party insurance they are buying as highlighted above. Fifteen thousand naira, unlike N5,000, is not chicken feed. Policyholders will also take more interest in where they get their motor policies. Certainly, you won’t go under the bridge to get TP insurance with N15,000. Local government offices are also not licensed to issue insurance policies. If an insurance company gets a space in a local government office to issue motor policies, it is a different matter. The only companies licensed to sell motor insurance in Nigeria are underwriting companies and Registered Insurance Brokers, RIB. Their names and contacts are on the NAICOM website: https://www.naicom.gov.ng, Nigerian Council of Registered Insurance Brokers website https://ncrib.net and Nigeria Insurers Association website: https://nigeriainsurers.org. If you go to anywhere else, you risk buying a fake motor insurance policy and the implications are grave: in the event of an accident, you are on your own. You have to bear all the third party liabilities, in addition to own damage. In addition, if you are caught, you risk a fine of N250,000 or/and a year imprisonment for not having a genuine motor insurance before using your vehicle on a public road.  People saying that the hike in premium will force people to go for fake motor insurance certificates make me laugh. There is a platform called Nigerian Insurance Industry Database, NIID. Many police officers on the road have the app on their phones and can use your vehicle number or insurance certificate to check if your insurance is fake or genuine. If it is fake, you either pay N250,000 fine, or/and go to jail for a one year or the police will do what they like with you. Ewherido, an insurance executive, wrote from Lagos.  NAICOM The National Insurance Commission (NAICOM) has raised Third Party insurance cover for motorists from N5,000 to N15,000 yearly with effect from January 2023. The approval is contained in a circular: NAICOM/DPR/CIR/46/2022 addressed to insurance companies and dated Dec. 22, 2022. It was titled: New Premium Rate for Motor Insurance… In "News" Third party motor insurance to sell at N15,000 from January 2023 In "News" …insists ban on motorcycle in Benin metropolis subsists The Edo State Government will on Tuesday, March 17, 2020 begin registration and licensing of motorcycle and tricycle riders across the 18 Local Government Areas (LGA) of the state as part of efforts by the Governor Godwin Obaseki-led administration to address security… In "News"