The House of Representatives Ad Hoc Committee on new naira re-design and naira swap policy has rejected the 10-day extension granted by the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, for the exchange of old notes. The CBN had fixed January 31 as the deadline for the exchange of the old naira notes – N200, N500 and N1,000. The CBN governor, Godwin Emefiele, on Sunday, said President Muhammadu Buhari gave permission for the deadline to be extended to February 10. Read Also: BREAKING: CBN extends deadline for old naira notes to Feb 10 In its swift reaction, the Ad Hoc Committee, chaired by the leader of the House, Alhassan Ado Doguwa, rejected the extension, insisting that the CBN must comply with sections 20 sub 3, 4, and 5 of the CBN act. Recall the House, during its sitting on Tuesday, following the outcry by Nigerians, constituted the ad hoc committee to look into the issue. Doguwa said that, ” The 10-day extension for the exchange of the old naira notes is not the solution. “We as a legislative committee with a constitutional mandate of the House, would only accept clear compliance with section 20 sub 3, 4, and 5 of the CBN act and nothing more.  “Nigeria as a developing economy and a nascent democracy must respect the principle of the rule of law. “And the House would go ahead to sign arrest warrant to compel the CBN Governor to appear before the ad hoc committee.”  He said under his chairmanship, the committee would continue its work until it gets the demands of Nigerians addressed in accordance with the laws of the land.  Describing the extension as a mere political gimmick to further deceive Nigerians and worsen their economic and social livelihood, Doguwa said the CBN governor must appear before or stand the risk of being arrested on the strength of legislative writs signed by the Speaker on Monday.  He also said the policy is capable of frustrating the forthcoming general elections. “Security agencies and their operations, especially at the state level, are generally funded through cash advances and direct table payments of allowances to operatives during elections,” he said.  The Senate yesterday asked the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN to extend the deadline for the exchange of old naira notes from the January 31 deadline to May 31, 2023. In "News" The House of Representatives yesterday asked the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, to extend the deadline for use of the old naira notes by at least six months, since the new noes were not readily available. In "Top Stories" President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the request by the Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, for the extension of the deadline for swapping old Naira notes to the redesigned ones to February 10. In "Don't Miss"