By Adegboyega Adeleye Afrobeats superstar singer, Stanley Omah Didia popularly known as Omah Lay has delighted his fans by considering the release of a deluxe version of his debut album ‘Boy Alone.’ The sensational pop star revealed this on his Instagram story released on Monday 2nd, January 2023. Omah Lay wrote “Boy Alone Deluxe (BAD).” Omah Lay’s highly anticipated debut album ‘Boy Alone’ was released on July 15th, 2022 and its massive commercial success made it one of the biggest Nigerian albums of the year 2022. The 14-track album featured hit songs such as ‘I’m in a Mess,’ Understand,’ ‘Attention ft. American pop-star Justin Bieber,’ and ‘Soso’ which Omah Lay recently released its visuals. Omah Lay’s debut album, ‘Boy Alone’ has been described by critics and fans to be a bold, honest, and perfectly curated project. The release of the deluxe version would surely excite his esteemed fans as the singer continues to establish his status as one of the biggest Afrobeats act making waves all over the world.  By Adeleye Adegboyega Afrobeats superstar singer, Stanley Omah Didia popularly known as Omah Lay has revealed his delightful experience working with American Grammy-winning global pop star, Justin Bieber. Omah Lay said their friendship started after he put out his first project 'Get Layd' EP in 2020. Justin Beiber texted him… In "Entertainment" Afrobeats superstar singer, Omah Lay has released his debut album titled "Boy Alone" after months of anticipation. The 14-track album features American pop-star, Justin Bieber in "Attention" and Tay Iwar in "Tell Everybody". Omah Lay has previously released two EPs- "Get Layd" and "What Have We Done". YBNL Superstar Singers,… In "Entertainment" Omah Lay Afrobeats star, Stanley Didia popularly known as Omah Lay can’t wish for a better way to cap his tremendous year after filling up the famous Port Harcourt Polo Club ground. It was a homecoming concert for the Port Harcourt-born superstar since he broke into the music scene in… In "News"