By Ada Osadebe Nigerian actress, Olawunmi Toriola has finally revealed she has ended the marriage with her husband. The 34-year-old made this known on Tuesday via her Instagram page. She confirmed the rumours concerning her marriage, claiming that it was true the marriage came to an end. Read also: ‘Don’t force it, when love dies’ – Yomi Gold announces marriage crash Toriola also addressed the alleged allegations that she was violent against her mother-in-law, stating that such allegations were false. She said, “There has been a lot of media attention on me lately regarding my marriage. “Yes, it is true the marriage is over. We have gone out separate ways for over a year now. It didn’t work out, there was no need for drama hence my reason for not letting my fans know. “But yesterday I saw a report where it was alleged that I was violent while the marriage lasted, and I used to beat my mother and my mother-in-law. It was reported that my ex allegedly concocted these lies. “For the record, I am not a violent person. I have not had to exchange punches with anyone and I was never violent in the marriage. “The most painful part of the report is that I used to beat my mother. This is not only a personal attack, it is satanic. It is against everything I stand for and believe. “As a properly raised Yoruba lady, it is costly to lay your hands on your parent. As a matter of fact, my mum has been late for over 20 years. And I never raised my hands against my mother-in-law, it never happened, and it will never happen. My family members, my ex’s family members, and our neighbors can testify to that. “I wish those who started the rumour and those spreading it well, and pray that God rewards every one of us according to the works of our hands. “As for me, I am focused on the next level, and I have moved on from the past. I advise everyone else to do the same.”  By Sylvester Kwentua Beautiful Nollywood actress, Wunmi Toriola, recently shared the regrets she has, living the life of a celebrity. In a revealing Instagram post, the Yoruba actress, who is known for her loud voice, revealed that getting to overlook hurts because of her celebrity status, drains her a lot.… In "Relationships" By Sylvester Kwentua Nollywood actress and producer, Olawunmi Toriola, who is probably tired of hearing men complaining about women’s fallen boobs, says it is only wicked men who complain about fallen breast. READ ALSO: Italy’s virus toll tops 4,000 after new one-day record “ Only wicked men complain about fallen breast.… In "Entertainment" By Sylvester Kwentua Curvy Yoruba actress, Wunmi Toriola has appealed to her fans to bear with her during this trying moments, regarding her social media posts, because right now, she has no sense. READ ALSO: Covid-19: Doctor Ikubese writes Buhari, suggests solutions Posting on her Instagram page, Wunmi said, “If you… In "Entertainment"