Presidential Candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Alhaji Atiku Abubakar, on Tuesday said if voted into office, his administration would change the security architecture in the country and grow the economy. He gave the assurance at the party’s Presidential Campaign in Delta held at the Stephen Keshi Stadium, Asaba. Abubakar said that between 1999 and 2015, PDP grew Nigeria’s economy and made it the largest in Africa, but that the All Progressives Congress (APC) destroyed it with its inept leadership. He said that with adequate security and right economic policies, a PDP administration led by him would attract Foreign Direct Investment that would grow the nation’s economy, adding security of the country was paramount because no nation could develop without security. He told Deltans that the team was not in the state to campaign, saying “we are here to show our gratitude and appreciation to say that we are with you in all respects because of the support we have received from you from 1999 to date. “All through my political journey, Delta state has always supported me and I want to promise you that I shall not betray the trust of Delta and the entire Niger Delta. “That is why in my modest appreciation, I chose one of you as my vice presidential candidate and you know that a running mate is always a stepping stone. “Therefore it is up to you to show your support by giving Governor Okowa the massive support to enable us to rescue and rebuild our dear country.” On his policy document, the PDP Presidential flag bearer stated that his administration would pay attention to developing the education sector, and promised that under his watch, strikes by members of Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) would be eradicated. “The Niger Delta and other parts of the country will benefit from our resource control and restructuring agenda because it is our intention to devolve more powers to the states and local governments to tackle peculiar challenges facing the people. “The APC government has disunited Nigeria in all aspects and it is our commitment to restore the unity of this country by ensuring that every part of this country has a sense of belonging. “You must believe in PDP because as a party we built the biggest economy in Africa until the APC came and destroyed it in 2015. “Why vote for the same party that has suffered us in the last seven years plus? Let us vote them out to unite and rebuild our country again,” he said. The Vice-Presidential Candidate of the party and Governor of Delta, Sen. (Dr) Ifeanyi Okowa, said that Atiku knew how to address the socio-economic challenges bedevilling the country and urged the people to vote for the party. According to him, we all know that the APC-led Federal Government brought poverty to the nation; they destroyed our economy to the extent that Nigerians are now hungry, without food to eat. “How can a bag of rice be sold for almost N50, 000? It is only Atiku that can solve the problems in the country because when the PDP took over the reins of power in 1999, Atiku and Obasanjo were able to restore the nation’s lost glory. “Atiku has assured Nigerians that he will revive the economy of the country and reposition it for optimum productivity in all sectors of the Nigerian economy. “For over 20 years, Atiku has been advocating for the restructuring of Nigeria where states and local governments will get more money that will stimulate growth and development and this is what we want in the Niger Delta. “Atiku has also promised that his administration, if elected, will put in place, a constitutional framework that will enable states to have State Police so as to stem the tide of insecurity in the country. “Atiku is an experienced politician that has the capacity and pedigree to reset the country and I call on all eligible voters in the state to ensure that they have their PVCs to enable them vote in the forthcoming general elections,” Okowa stated. National Chairman of the party, Dr Iyorchia Ayu, on his part, congratulated Deltans for the choice of Okowa as Vice-Presidential Candidate and lauded previous governors of the state for their contributions to the growth and development of the state. He called on sons and daughters of the state to vote massively for all PDP candidates in the general elections. The rally recorded the defection of many members of APC in the state, including the State Secretary, Chief Nick Ovuakporie, to the PDP. The party also got the endorsement of the leadership of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) Zone B, led by the Zonal Coordinator, Comrade Great Tamarapreye. The students said the endorsement was in recognition of Okowa’s efforts in establishing three new universities in the state and ensuring that lecturers in the institutions were on duty while ASUU was on nationwide strike for eight months. The rally was attended by former Vice-President Namadi Sambo, former President of the Senate, Dr Bukola Saraki; Governors Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, Udom Emmanuel of Akwa-Ibom, Godwin Obaseki of Edo, Douye Diri of Bayelsa and Ahmadu Fintiri of Adamawa. Earlier, Atiku Abubakar had held a meeting with traditional rulers in Delta, at their Secretariat in Asaba, and assured that if elected, he would ensure that clear constitutional roles were given to monarchs in the country.  Akwa Ibom State governor, Mr. Udom Emmanuel has described the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar as a bridge-builder, who would grow Nigeria’s economy. In "News" Atiku Abubakar Presidential candidate of the People's Democratic Party, PDP, Atiku Abubakar has promised to grow Nigeria’s private sector of an enviable status through education if given the opportunity to be president in 2023. Atiku made this promise while speaking at the Arise News Presidential Town Hall series on Sunday.… In "News" The Presidential candidate of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) in the 2019 general elections, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar says his commitment is to fix the ailing Nigerian economy. In "News"