By Biodun Busari The world’s richest billionaire and Chief Executive Officer of LVMH, Bernard Arnault, has appointed his daughter, Delphine Arnault to run the fashion house, Dior. Arnault promoted his 47-year-old daughter to the new role as part of a reshuffle at LVMH, Europe’s most valuable company, according to BBC on Thursday. The company owns a portfolio of high-end brands including Fendi and Louis Vuitton and is worth about £336bn. Read also: Elon Musk loses world’s richest spot to Louis Vuitton owner, Bernard Arnault Tinubu under fire over ‘soaked sliced bread’ statement in Enugu Don’t falsify facts, Peter Obi’s campaign reacts to report on UK company The outgoing head of Dior, Pietro Beccari, will move to replace long-time Louis Vuitton chief executive Michael Burke. Both Arnault and Beccari “are well respected”, so these are “logical promotions within the group,” said Credit Suisse analyst Natasha Brilliant. BBC said all five of Arnault’s children hold management positions at brands in the group. The changes, which come into effect in February, follow the recent appointment of Antoine Arnault, the eldest son, to head the family’s holding company. Also, the 30-year-old Alexandre Arnault is in charge of products and communication at Tiffany, while Frederic Arnault, 28, is the chief executive of another group brand, Tag Heuer. The youngest child, Jean Arnault, 24, overseas marketing and product development for Louis Vuitton’s watches division. Arnault’s companies sell goods including luxury suitcases by Louis Vuitton and Moet and Chandon champagne. “Succession planning in strategic roles has been instrumental to the success of LVMH’s key brands over the past 20 years, hence today’s moves are significant,” said Thomas Chauvet, an analyst at Citi. Christian Dior is the brand of LVMH that sells only shoes and clothing that can only be bought in Dior stores. Christian Dior’s catwalk presentations in Paris are attended by global celebrities including K-pop star Jisoo and singer Rihanna, drawing enthusiastic crowds of fans. Arnault overtook Elon Musk in December 2022 to become the world’s richest man.  Elon Musk, Bernard Arnault By Biodun Busari Twitter and Tesla owner, Elon Musk has lost his place as the richest man in the world to Bernard Arnault, the chief executive of luxury brand Louis Vuitton's parent company LVMH. Forbes revealed this on Wednesday after Musk experienced a sharp drop in… In "Metro" Luxury conglomerate LVMH will buy Tiffany & Co. for about $16.2 billion after courting the storied New York jeweler for about a month, the companies announced Monday. The $135-per-share cash purchase will add Tiffany to Paris-based LVMH’s portfolio of 75 high-end brands as its blue-box stores struggle with lagging sales.… In "Business" The Leader of Africa's first Economic War, Charles N Lambert, Tuesday reacted to the latest position of Tesl TSLA +1.3%a’s billionaire co-founder and CEO Elon Musk on the world's richest statistics. Elon overtook LVMH chairman Bernard Arnault to become the second richest person in the world on Tuesday, according to… In "News"