By Ozioruva Aliu, BENIN CITY The Minister of Youths and Sports, Sunday Dare on Monday visited the ailing former Golden Eaglets coach, Sebastian Brodericks Imasuen who is currently recovering from a stroke at the University of Benin Teaching Hospital (UBTH) where he also rendered undisclosed financial support.   The minister’s Special Assistant on Media, Toyin Ibitoye who visited on behalf of the minister stated that Broderick is a national hero who needs all the care he can get to bounce back to good health.   Ibitoye told the wife of the coach, Helen that the minister felt compelled to help the World Cup-winning coach to ensure he gets the best of medication at the UBTH.   Ibitoye said, “The Minister asked me to come to Benin to see Coach Brodericks personally and deliver the message which is between him and the family of the coach.    “I am happy to see that Coach Brodericks is making good progress and the Minister is also elated about this,” he added. Helen, who thanked the minister for his gesture said her husband was responding to treatment, and called for support from the coach, noting she hopes that Imasuen would continue to respond to treatment “He is better now compared to when we brought him to the hospital. Hopefully, he can get better and be relocated to another ward to continue treatment. I urge that he get more support as he continues his recovery.  Former Golden Eaglets coach, Sebastine Brodericks-Imasuen has commended the Austine Eguavoen-tutored U-23 national team over their victory against the Ghana’s Black Meteors in Benin. In "Sports" Notable football actors led by the legendary 1978 Bendel Insurance Challenge Cup winning Coach, Alabi Aisien and Edo State Governor, Godwin Obaseki, will highlight the relaunch of a rebranded, Bendel Insurance FC of Benin City today in Benin City. In "News" All is now set for the unveiling of the re-branded Bendel Insurance Football Club of Benin and the technical crew ahead of the 2018 National League football season. In "News"