Arsenal defender Gabriel Magalhaes has taken a dig at Manchester United midfielder Bruno Fernandes after the Gunners defeated the Old Trafford side 3-2 on Sunday. The Gunners intensified their bid to win the Premier League title by defeating United at the Emirates to go five points clear of champions Manchester City with a game in hand. The Brazilian centre-back took to social media following the victory to post a picture of himself standing over and confronting Fernandes. Read Also No one is laughing at our title hopes anymore — Arsenal defender, Zinchenko MKO Abiola’s wife slams IGP with lawsuit, demands N100bn  JAMB registers 92, 490 candidates for 2023 UTME ‘YESSS… There’s no victory without a fight,’ he wrote on Instagram. ‘Come on you gunners. Thank God.’ Gabriel has featured in all 19 of Arsenal’s Premier League games so far this term, with Mikel Arteta’s team losing just once in the top-flight. He has made a total of 96 appearances for the north London club since he joined the Gunners from French side Lille in 2020. Arsenal, meanwhile, have not registered a top-four finish since the 2015–16 season but have a huge opportunity to win their first Premier League title since 2004.  Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Bruno Fernandes from Sporting CP, it was announced on Wednesday. Fernandes' move to Old Trafford is subject to a medical and the agreement of personal terms. Sporting posted a video on Twitter to say farewell to the 25-year-old Portugal international, who has… In "Sports" Sporting Lisbon midfielder Bruno Fernandes has completed his move to Manchester United on a five-and-a-half-year deal, the Premier League club have announced. Manchester United have completed the signing of Portugal midfielder Bruno Fernandes from Sporting Lisbon. The 25-year-old has signed a five-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12-month… In "Sports" Arsenal beat Manchester United in a pulsating match at Emirates Stadium to leapfrog Tottenham Hotspur in fourth place. The Gunners went ahead on three minutes when Bukayo Saka's shot was saved by David De Gea and the ball fell for Nuno Tavares, who fired in his first goal for the… In "Sports"