By Biodun Busari President of the European Commission, Ursula von der Leyen has lauded Ukraine’s resistance to Russia’s attacks since the war started nearly one year ago. Von der Leyen poured huge praises on Ukraine, saying it “has moved the world and inspired all of Europe.” The EC president made this known on Tuesday during her address at the ongoing World Economic Forum (WEF) Annual Meeting 2023 taking place in Davos, Switzerland. The meeting started on 16 Monday and will end on Friday 20. Read also: EU sends generators, shelters to Ukraine as winter looms Former Iran president’s son freed after seven years Cameroon, Congo, 3 others host seven million IDPs While commending the bravery and resilience of Ukraine against Russia, von der Leyen vowed that Europe will continually lend its support. “For almost one year now, Ukraine has stunned the world. On that fateful February morning, many predicted that Kyiv would fall in a matter of days. “But this did not account for the morale and physical courage of the Ukrainian people. You have resisted the Russian invasion and pushed back against the aggressor against all odds. “Not even Russia’s relentless attacks on civilians or the spectre of a brutal winter have shaken your resolve. “In this last year, your country has moved the world and inspired all of Europe. And I can assure you that Europe will always stand with you,” von der Leyen said. “Many doubted whether that support would be so unwavering. But today, European countries are providing more and more critical weapons to Ukraine. “We are hosting around four million Ukrainians in our cities, in our homes and in our schools. And we have put in place the strongest sanctions ever which leave the Russian economy facing a decade of regression and its industry starved of any modern and critical technologies. “There will be no impunity for these crimes. And there will be no let-up in our steadfast support to Ukraine – from helping to restore power, heating and water, to preparing for the long-term effort of reconstruction. “And to reaffirm that support, we announced yesterday that the Commission is delivering EUR 3 billion of financial support,” she added.   Highlights *Ukraine's bid to join the European Union has been given a major boost with a recommendation that it be granted candidate status *But the European Commission says the country must make reforms - on rule of law, oligarchs, human rights and tackling corruption *Ukrainians have shown they are "ready… In "Ukraine Live Updates" EU President Ursula von der Leyen (CEPS) By Biodun Busari The European Union (EU) has budgeted €18 billion as financial assistance for war-torn Ukraine throughout 2023 to cater for the basic economic needs. European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen made the announcement at the EU leaders’ summit in Brussels,… In "Metro"  European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has said she is hopeful that a vaccine against the novel coronavirus can be developed by the end of this year. In "News"