The Nigeria Natural Medicine Development Agency (NNMDA) said that 70 per cent of Nigerians still patronise herbal medicines, saying that it is as old as mankind. Dr Samuel Etatuvie, Director-General of NNMDA, in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja said it is not undermining the practice of orthodox medicines. Etatuvie said that part of their mandate was to research, collect, document on herbal products that were indigenous and they already had researched 14 of such products. The D-G added that five of the products had been listed by the National Agency for Food and Drugs Administration and Control (NAFDAC), while the rest are awaiting. “Natural medicine practice is as old as mankind, the orthodox medicine came several decades after natural medicine which is mainly being practiced in rural communities. “Today in Nigeria and across the world, both natural and orthodox medicine are being practiced concurrently. “In Nigeria specifically, I can say that we have more than 70 per cent of Nigerians that patronise natural medicine practitioners because our rural areas do not have modern health care facilities. “With respect to herbal medicine, we have herbal medicine practitioners or herbal products in each community,’’ he said. Natural medicines apart from addressing health, Etatuvie said, were also associated with different purposes which include protection, the act of disappearance, massaging, colour management and traditional birth attendants, among others. He, however, said the agency is committed to researching on indigenous natural medicines which have the capacity to boost the country’s Gross Domestic Product when well harnessed. (NAN)  The Herbs Sellers Association of Nigeria has called on the Federal Government to ban the practice of hawking ‘Agbo’ (cooked herbs) on the streets to safe people’s lives. Mrs Modinat Onike, Financial Secretary of ‘Elewe Omo Herbs Sellers Association of Nigeria, made the call while speaking with the News Agency… In "Metro" It is no longer news that herbal drugs are indiscriminately hawked and illegally sold at any point across Nigeria despite the serious health risks it poses. In "Health" Nigeria Natural Medicine Development Agency, NNMDA, and the Bioresources Development and Conservation Programme, have urged Nigerians to conserve, standardise and strengthen exports of herbal products to boost the country’s economy. In "News"