…names four zones PDP will win Former Senate President, Bukola Saraki said Peter Obi’s Labour Party, LP is the biggest challenge of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP in the South-East region of the country.  Saraki made this submission during an interview on Arise TV’s The Morning Show on Monday. Read also: ‘Wrong signals to coming elections’ — Saraki condemns attack on Ugochinyere He said, “South-South is a strong PDP area. We will do very well in South-South, South-East, the challenge we have there, of course, is Labour. “But we will still do well in the South-East and take our 25 per cent. We will do well in North Central, we will do well in North-West and North-East,” he said. Meanwhile, the former Senate President has insisted that the PDP will win four political zones – North-West, North-East, South-South and North-Central during the election. “We need four zones. By the time you have four zones, you will win the election. “The four zones that we will win are North-west, North-east, South-south and North-central, and we will take our 25 per cent more than 24 states. There is no doubt about that,” he added. Recall that Saraki, Nyesom Wike, Udom Emmanuel, Ayo Fayose, Bala Mohammed, among others, lost the PDP 2023 presidential ticket to Atiku Abubakar.  At the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, convention ongoing at the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium in Port Harcourt, Rivers state, at least 138 lawmakers who are delegates have reportedly backed the Senate President, Bukola Saraki, an aide to Saraki has revealed. In "News" My soft spot for the PDP is not hidden. As for the aspirants jostling for the platform of the party to unseat Buhari and his failed experiment, I will like to state clearly that everyone of them has what it takes to do better than the government at the centre… In "News" Senate President, Dr, Bukola Saraki has been named the  Director-General of the campaign of the Presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. In "News"