By Seyifunmi Awobiyi Manchester United have made it official that Christian Eriksen will be out of action for the club due to an ankle injury and will not return until late April or early May. Eriksen sustained an injury on Saturday night during the FA cup which they won at home against Reading. The Brazilians got the three goals as Casemiro bagged a brace while Fred also netted to give the Red Devils a deserved win. Eriksen was replaced by Fred in the 57th minute after former Liverpool player, Andy Carroll mutilated the legs of the Danish International. Read Also: The Manchester United official website released the update on the 30-year-old on Tuesday. It read, “Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is expected to be out of action for an extended period because of an ankle injury sustained in our Emirates FA Cup victory over Reading on Saturday. “While investigations are continuing, initial assessments indicate that Eriksen is likely to be out until late April or early May. “The 30-year-old’s absence will be a big disappointment to manager Erik ten Hag and fans, given the consistency of his performances throughout the season so far, making 31 appearances since arriving at Old Trafford. “However, there is hope that Christian can return in time to play a role in the final stages of the campaign. “We all wish Christian the best of luck for a speedy recovery.”  Mauricio Pochettino said Thursday that Tottenham are working hard to get Christian Eriksen to commit his future to the club after tying down a clutch of other top players. In "Sports" Danish footballer, Christian Eriksen in a thumbs-up selfie as the midfielder continues to recuperate in hospital after suffering from a cardiac arrest in Denmark's Group stage clash with Finland in Copenhagen. PHOTO: @DBUfodbold Danish midfielder Christian Eriksen has revealed that he's doing fine despite suffering a cardiac arrest during Denmark's… In "Sports" By Miftaudeen Raji Danish attacking midfielder and former Tottenham Hotspur, Christian Eriksen has verbally agreed on terms to join Manchester United. A former Brentford player, Eriksen had played for Spurs between 2013 and 2020 and is revered as one of the club's greatest midfielders in the modern era. Here is… In "Sports"