PDP begins court process to disqualify Tinubu, Floods leave 2.4m displaced, 662 lives lost are top stories published across all major newspapers in Nigeria today, January 24, 2023. In ‘Today in the News’, a newspaper review show on Vanguard Online TV, Precious Chukwudi, the anchor, reviewed major headlines published across major newspapers in Nigeria. PDP begins court process to disqualify Tinubu The Atiku-Okowa Presidential Campaign of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has commenced court proceedings to disqualify the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, over criminal conviction and sentencing by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States over trafficking in narcotics. However, APC PCC immediately countered the PDP, saying the party did not only lack originality but was also a copycat. Floods leave 2.4m displaced, 662 lives lost The National Emergency Management Agency, NEMA, said, yesterday, that flood disasters, in 2022, left over 2.4 million persons displaced and 662 dead. Director-General, NEMA, Mustapha Ahmed, who disclosed this during a one-week strategic executive seminar for NEMA staff and wider Nigerian Emergency Management stakeholders, in Abuja, also revealed that 3,174 persons suffered injuries, due to flooding incidents in some parts of the country, last year. Airlines count loses, passengers stranded, as aviation workers suspend strike Operators of domestic and international airlines are still counting their loses from yesterday’s strike by workers of Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc., NAHCo. The development, which lasted for 14 hours, led to massive flight disruption nationwide, as the workers suspended operations over non-payment of their salaries.   The Atiku-Okowa Presidential Campaign of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, has commenced court proceedings to disqualify the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, over criminal conviction and sentencing by a court of competent jurisdiction in the United States over trafficking in narcotics. In "Don't Miss" “This is a simple lie. A fallacious mendacity. Complete falsehood. He [Tinubu] was never convicted. The Americans themselves said that he was not indicted and neither was he convicted." In "News" The Federal High Court sitting in Abuja, on Monday, declined to disqualify the candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Mr Peter Obi, from participating in the 2023 presidential election. In "News"