By Ada Osadebe Nigerian singer, Brymo has tendered an apology for insulting Nigerians of Igbo extraction. Recall that over 8000 people have called for the disqualification of Brymo from the 8th All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA) over his contentious remarks about the Igbo tribe. According to the petition, not receiving the honour will send the musician a clear message considering his recent derogatory statements against the Igbo people. Read also: ‘Stop Brymo’: Over 8,000 Nigerians sign petition to prevent Brymo from winning 8th AFRIMA Award Taking to his Instagram page on Friday, Brymo stated that the whole drama started with Chimamanda Adichie receiving a chieftaincy title in her hometown, yet shunning a national award. He claimed that he has been an advocate for the Igbo presidency in the past few years and was only calling out the Ndi Igbo movement, which he is clearly not pleased with. He said, “It is very important you understand that this entire fracas began with me seeing in the media that Chimamanda Adichie refused some national honours and had picked up some traditional title in the East at home. “I have clamoured for Igbo presidency in the last few years, you wouldn’t believe it. “I said, ‘Fuck Ndi’Igbo to hell with it – the ‘it’ refers to the peddlers of the movement i.e people championing for it.” He further said, “I did not insult the tribe, I’m sorry to anyone who it sounded as such to. I was trying to weigh into a very important matter.”  By Ada Osadebe Over 8000 people have called for the disqualification of Ọlawale Ọlọfọrọ, professionally known as Brymo from the 8th All Africa Music Awards (AFRIMA) over his contentious remarks about the Igbo community. According to the petition, not receiving the honor will send the musician a clear message considering… In "Entertainment" By Ada Osadebe Nigerian singer, Olawale Olofooro professionally known as Brymo has asserted that he is not sorry for his comments on the chances of an easterner becoming president of the country. The artist has come under fire for claiming that an Igbo presidency would just be a "pipe dream"… In "Entertainment" By Ada Osadebe Nigerian singer, Brymo has been slammed on Twitter for his comment on Igbo presidency in the country. Brymo, who had endorsed Bola Tinubu, the 2023 presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), said, in a Tweet on Thursday, that it is not advisable to have Peter… In "Entertainment"