***says vote for Tinubu, Sule is vote for good governance  * as Speaker commences door to door campaign By David Odama LAFIA —Speaker, Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Ibrahim Balarabe Abdullahi has commenced grassroots mobilization campaign for his party APC ahead of next month general election. The Speaker, Balarabe Abdullahi (APC Umaisha/Ugya constituency said at the commencement of the ward to ward campaign  to mobilize support for APC presidential candidate,  Bola Ahmed Tinubu, Governor Abdullahi Sule,  other APC candidates that a vote for Tinubu, governor Sule is a vote for good governance. He revealed that the grassroots campaign  will cut across all the six electoral wards of Umaisha, Ugya, Katapha, Dansu and kenyehu respectively, adding that the second  phase  of the exercise tagged meet the people of Umaisha/Ugya,  will be  door to door to mobilize and galvanized support for APC victory in his constituency. While addressing the people of Shege ward who come out in their numbers to receive him,  the Speaker  appreciated the people  for the support he  has received  in the last Eight years and solicited for more in the forth coming elections. Balarabe Abdullahi enumerated the successes, progress and democratic dividends gained received  from him and from the state government  in the last eight years assured the people  of more good things in the years ahead if returned to the power. Various speakers at the shege’s gathering which is one of biggest electoral wards in the  constituency appreciated the giant strides,  inclusiveness  leadership style of the speaker,  re- assuring him of support in the forthcoming elections. This is even as the Traditional ruler of the area, Ohimege Opanda,  HRH Alh.Usman Abdullahi had assured the speaker and the APC government in the state of his support in the next month elections. The first class Traditional Ruler,  appreciated the Speaker for living up to expectations adding that the achievements of Governor Abdullahi Sule in his domain are too glaring for  even the blind to  feel and commended the Governor and the Speaker for touching the lives of his people positively. He advocated for a peaceful elections  disclosing that the traditional rulers in the state have  all resolved to mobilize for peace conduct of elections in Nasarawa State.   The  Speaker of the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Alhaji Ibrahim Balarabe -Abdullahi, said  the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) would  not be an alternative to the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) in 2019. In "News" The  Speaker of the Nasarawa State House of Assembly, Alhaji Ibrahim Balarabe -Abdullahi, said  the Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) would  not be an alternative to the ruling All Progressives Congress(APC) in 2019. In "News" By David Odama LAFIA - President Muhammadu Buhari on Saturday tasked electorates in Nasarawa state to ensure the emergence of the presidential candidate of the All Progressive Congress, Bola Tinubu and the re-election of governor Abdullahi Sule in the 2023 general elections. Buhari who gave the charge at the inauguration… In "News"