The former Director-General (DG) of the Labour Party Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Doyin Okupe, on Thursday said he has been released by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) in Lagos. Recall Vanguard had earlier reported that Okupe was arrested by the Department of State Services (DSS) at the Muritala Mohammed International Airport, Lagos on Thursday morning. One of Okupe’s lawyers, Tolu Babaleye who spoke to Vanguard on the subject matter, on Thursday, said the DSS asked him to provide court processes where he paid the fine option following his money laundering conviction by the Federal High Court sitting in Abuja. Subsequently, he was handed over to the EFCC, with the Spokesman of the Service, Peter Afunanya, confirming Okupe “was intercepted at the instance of the EFCC”. The Ogun-born politician fumed at the development. According to him, EFCC officials later apologised for embarrassing him. I was arrested & detained @ the MM int airport, Lagos this morning 12th Jan on my way to UK for medicals yrs of my passport being withheld by the FHC Abuja.I hv just left the efcc office where snr officers in lagos& Abuja apologised to me for the error. OCCUPATIONAL HAZZARD abi?— Doyin (@doyinokupe) January 12, 2023 “I was arrested and detained @ the MM int airport, Lagos this morning 12th Jan on my way to UK for medicals yrs of my passport being withheld by the FHC Abuja. “I hv just left the efcc office where snr officers in lagos & Abuja appologised to me for the error. OCCUPATIONAL HAZZARD abi?” he wrote on his known Twitter handle.  The immediate past Director-General of the Labour Party (LP) Presidential Campaign Council, Doyin Okupe, has reportedly been arrested by the operatives of the Department of State Services (DSS). In "News" By Soni Daniel, Abuja The Department of State Services, DSS, has confirmed the arrest of the former presidential spokesman, Dr. Doyin Okupe. DSS said he was arrested on the instruction of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, EFCC. The confirmation was made via a statement by the Public Relations Officer… In "Metro" By Biodun Busari Former Director-General of Peter Obi’s presidential campaign council, Dr Doyin Okupe’s lawyer, Tolu Babaleye has said his arrest by the Department of State Services (DSS) was an infringement on his right to movement. Okupe was arrested on Thursday morning by DSS officials at the Murtala Muhammed International… In "News"