… blames mischief-makers for spreading falsehood The  National Chairman of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Dr. Iyorchia Ayu, has denied speculations on social media that he held a meeting with the Rivers State Governor, Nyesom Wike, in Port Harcourt. Ayu said there was no meeting between him and the governor in Port Harcourt, the River’s State capital, or anywhere else in Nigeria today. The PDP Chairman, who spoke through his Special Adviser on Media and Communications, Simon Imobo-Tswam, in Abuja on Wednesday, said the speculation was the handiwork of mischief-makers. Read Also: Peter Obi is my brother, I know his capacity – Ngige  Imobo Tswam said, “Dr. Ayu states clearly that he never travelled to Port Harcourt and he has not set eyes on Governor Wike lately. “The photograph trending on the social media is an old one. The story accompanying it is, therefore, false and mischievous. “He also adds, for the purpose of factual accuracy, that he is in no way embattled. “The National Chairman is, rather, enjoying the New Year break with his family. “The general public, and especially the PDP family, is advised to ignore the story and focus on the historic task ahead of the party next month.”  Wike and Kwankwaso Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers state has welcomed the presidential candidate of the New Nigeria People’s Party, NNPP, Rabiu Kwankwaso in Port Harcourt, the Rivers State capital ahead of the inauguration of the Mgbutanwo Internal Roads in the Emohua Local Government Area holding today (Monday). Wike received… In "News" Atiku and the Rivers State governor have been at daggers drawn over demand for the resignation of PDP National Chairman, Senator Iyorchia Ayu. In "Top Stories" Adolphus Wabara, Nyesom Wike and Iyorchia Ayu The Board of Trustees of the Peoples Democratic Party led by ex-Senate President Adolphus Wabara will meet Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State in Port Harcourt today over the crisis rocking the party.  Vanguard gathered that the emergency meeting was summoned by the… In "News"