By Biodun Busari The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry’s memoir, “Spare” has become the United Kingdom’s fastest-selling non-fiction book ever. Spare, which hit the bookshelves on Tuesday, according to its publisher had 400,000 copies sold so far across hardback, e-book and audio layouts. Transworld Penguin Random House revealed this, according to Reuters on Wednesday. Read also: Spare: I was born to donate organs, blood to William, Harry reveals Prince Harry says his brother, Prince William physically attacked him Prince Harry says he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan Harry has made some explosive revelations about his childhood in the autobiography which includes the physical assault he suffered from his brother, Prince William, the Prince of Wales. He also spoke about how he killed 25 Taliban fighters in Afghanistan when he was an Apache helicopter pilot at the war ten years ago. The latest bombshell from the book was saying he was born as a spare part for the heir, William, the idea that birthed the book. “We always knew this book would fly but it is exceeding even our most bullish expectations,” Transworld Penguin Random House Managing Director Larry Finlay said in a statement. “As far as we know, the only books to have sold more in their first day are those starring the other Harry (Potter).” Earlier in the day, Caroline Lennon, a retail worker and one of the eager readers who had headed to bookshops to get their copy on the first day of its release said she would read the book immediately as she posed for photographers. “I like him, I like the royal family,” said Lennon, 59, the first and only person waiting to buy a copy from a Waterstone’s bookshop in central London when it opened. Despite the lack of queues, Waterstone’s said there had been strong pre-orders for the memoir which currently ranks as the best-seller on Amazon’s UK, U.S., Australian, German and Canadian websites. “I know perhaps some of the things he says have rubbed different people the wrong way,” Lai Jiang told Reuters after buying a copy in Singapore. “And I know, definitely, there are a lot of people who say that he shouldn’t come out and say the things he says, but I believe Harry should be given a chance to say what he wants to say.”  William, Harry By Biodun Busari The Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry has revealed that he came to this world with the main purpose of serving as a spare for his elder brother, Prince William, who is the Prince of Wales. Harry said this in his autobiography ‘Spare’ which hit the… In "Don't Miss" Prince Harry Prince Harry will discuss his memoirs in television interviews on Sunday after the book's explosive revelations about royal rifts, sex and drugs cast doubt on his future in the British royal family. The 38-year-old prince's ghost-written book "Spare" was widely leaked after it mistakenly went on sale in… In "News" By Biodun Busari  Taliban government has vowed that Duke of Sussex, Prince Harry will appear before the International Court over his confession of killing 25 Afghan soldiers.  Khalid Zadran, the Taliban’s police spokesman made this statement in Kabul, the Afghanistan capital on Friday.  According to The Telegraph, Zadran reacted to… In "Metro"