By Cynthia Alo As a result of its operational, management and organisational effectiveness, Africa Prudential, a leading Registrar and Business Solutions Provider, has bagged ISO 9001: 2015 (Quality Management System) and ISO 23001:2019 (Business Continuity Management System) certifications. These certifications are in addition to the  already existing ISO 27001:2013 (Information Security Management System) which the company bagged in 2020. The certifications followed a comprehensive audit and evaluation exercise conducted by MSECB – an internationally recognised certification body. In a statement the Managing Director, Obong Idiong, said, “These certifications are extremely important to us, our clients, partners, and other stakeholders. Our clients and partners remain our priority. With these certifications, we are assuring all stakeholders of our relentless focus on excellence, information security, business resilience and a continuous improvement culture”. He attributed the certifications to the strong commitment and professionalism of the organisation as they continue to leverage technology to transform the service experience of businesses and consumers across various business lines.  Africa Prudential, a leading registrar and technology provider has been awarded ISO 27001:2013 Certification. Commenting on the feat, Managing Director, Africa Prudential, Obong Idiong said: “As a technology solutions provider, we set ourselves apart by delivering quality outcomes for all stakeholders. In "News" THE Nigeria Deposit Insurance Corporation (NDIC) has successfully obtained three certifications from the British Standards Institution (BSI) after a rigorous process of satisfying the conditions precedent to accreditation. The Corporation in a statement said the certifications were for Information Security Management System ISO/IEC 27001:2013, IT Service Management System ISO/IEC 20000-1:2011… In "Business" Consistent campaigns by Digital Encode Limited for public and private organisations to pursue ISO Certifications by standardising their operations, yielded more results recently, as business Process Outsourcing and Business Technology Solution Company, Avetium Consulting recently got double ISO certifications. In "News"