By Chimaobi Nwaiwu, Nnewi THE Indigenous People of Biafra, IPoB, has suspended indefinitely Mr. Kingsley Kanu, a.k.a Kanunta, a younger brother to its leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, for alleged infraction and anti-IPoB activities, “aimed at bringing the united group in Germany to disrepute”. The pro-Briafa group made this known in a statement by the National Coordinator of IPoB, Germany branch, Mr. Collins Chinedu, entitled, “Suspension of IPoB membership of Mr. Kingsley Kanu, aka Kanunta” made available on Monday by IPoB’s Media and Publicity Secretary, Emma Powerful. Read Also: NAHCo strike: Reps wade in, demand immediate dialogue to avert further flights disruption They further alleged that he has been using his affiliation to IPoB’s worldwide leader, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, “to an unmerited super advantage and placing himself above every IPoB rules and discipline guiding the group”. IPoB’s statement read: “We the principal servants of IPoB in Germany wish to bring to the attention of all IPoB family members worldwide about the series of anti-IPoB activities of Mr. Kingsley Kanu, which were aimed at bringing the united IPoB family in Germany to disrepute and by extension disorganizing the larger IPoB family worldwide. “Mr Kingsley Kanu, also known as Kanunta, has been using his affiliation to our worldwide leader Mazi Nnamdi Kanu to an unmerited super advantage and has been placing himself above every IPoB, rules and discipline guiding IPoB in Germany and worldwide. “For avoidance of doubts, Mr. Kingsley Kanu is an ordinary unit member of IPoB in Landsberg AM Lech, Germany. “The following are some if his offences in violation to laid down principles. “Firstly, Kinsley Kanu has been in the constant habit of flagrantly flouting every IPoB code of conduct, thereby seeing himself above the laws and often throwing every decorum to the winds. “Secondly, he has been reporting fellow very hard working IPoB members to the German Criminal Police contrary to the IPoB’s Code of Conduct and violation of his oath to IPoB. “He has been issuing orders to his superior officers in the hierarchy of IPoB without the approval of the IPoB leadership, just as imposing and parading an expelled IPoB member as the new National Coordinator in Germany, with sole intent to cause division within the existing IPoB structure in Germany. “He has been ordering his purported National Coordinator in Germany to create another principal servants forum through which IPoB members are being lobbied to join his illegal group and to attend series of his illegally organized online meetings. “Mr. Kingsley Kanu must understand that the struggle itself is beyond family affair. “The IPoB in Germany is a registered non-profit making organization under Germany laws, and he must therefore be reminded that further violation of IPoB’s Code of Conduct, will have serious legal consequences. “In view of the above listed infractions and anti-IPoB activities carried out by Mr Kingsley Kanu, the IPoB leadership in Germany hereby unanimously suspends him indefinitely from the family of IPoB in Germany led by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu with effect from 21st of January 2023. “Any member of IPoB family worldwide who chooses to deal or take orders from him on behalf of IPoB worldwide is doing so at his or her own peril.”  Mazi Kanunta Kanu, younger brother of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has objected to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo's offer of amnesty to IPOB members, arguing that members of the movement, are not criminals in the first place to deserve amnesty. In "News" By Steve Oko Mazi Kanunta Kanu, younger brother of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has objected to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo's offer of amnesty to IPOB members, arguing that members of the movement, are not criminals in the first place to deserve amnesty. Gov.… In "News" Kanunta Kanu, younger brother to the detained leader of Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Nnamdi Kanu, has accused the factional leader of the Movement of the Sovereign State of Biafra, MASSOB, Chief Ralph Uwazuruike of betraying Ndigbo by using the Biafran struggle to amass wealth. In "News"