“Avatar: The Way of Water” took in an estimated $82.4 million this holiday weekend in North America, pushing it past a global total of $1 billion in near record time, industry watcher Exhibitor Relations reported Sunday. The four-day domestic take for the sci-fi flick brought its domestic total to $440.5 million, on top of $957 million earned overseas; only a half-dozen films have passed the $1 billion mark in their first two weeks. But director James Cameron has estimated that the high-budget 20th Century movie needs to make twice that much just to break even. The original “Avatar” took in a record $2.9 billion. Second place in North American theaters went to Universal’s family-oriented “Puss in Boots: The Last Wish,” a computer-animated spin-off of the popular “Shrek” franchise. It took in $22 million for the Friday-through-Monday period. Another blockbuster sequel, Disney’s “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,” earned $6.5 million to place third; its domestic total rose to $439.6 million in its eighth week out. In fourth place was Sony biopic “Whitney Houston: I Wanna Dance With Somebody,” at $5.4 million. English actress Naomi Ackie portrays the late superstar. And in fifth was Paramount’s comedy-drama “Babylon,” at $3.6 million. Brad Pitt and Margot Robbie star in director Damien Chazelle’s over-the-top tribute to an early Hollywood struggling with the transition from silent films to “talkies.” Rounding out the top 10 were: “Violent Night” ($2.8 million) “The Whale” ($1.8 million) “The Fabelmans” ($1.6 million) “The Menu” ($1.4 million) “Strange World” ($747,000)  "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" has overtaken "Avatar" by nearly $4 million to become the top-grossing film of all time in North America, Disney said Thursday, as the space saga battles for global box office supremacy. In "News" The latest episode in Disney's mammothly popular "Star Wars" series has passed the $1 billion mark in worldwide revenues in just three weeks, a Disney spokesperson said Sunday. In "News" The boy wizard is going out with a bang as "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2," the eighth and final movie in the series, has surpassed $1 billion in worldwide sales. In "Entertainment"