A group led by Prince Emmanuel Okotie-Eboh, Comrade Ameachi Ogbonna, Tsola Emiko Amoye, and Isaac Dorsu acting on behalf of the Indigenes and members of oil and gas producing communities of Itsekiri ethnic extraction in Warri, Delta state are seeking to restrain the board of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC, from accessing funds of the commission pending determination of legal issues around the composition of the board. Justice Okon Abang of a Federal High court in Warri, Delta state ordered that the defendants be served the processes to be heard, adding that the suit was adjourned to January 19 for Motion on Notice. The Itsekiri communities in suit number FHC/WR/CS/131/2022, Prince Emmanuel Okotie-Eboh and 4ORS vs the President Federal Republic of Nigeria and seven others contended that the screening and inauguration of the board without addressing critical observations raised in several petitions by Itsekiri was an aberration. According to their Counsels Jolone Ikomi, Esq., Chief Robinson Ariyo and Brenda Modupe Alabi (Nee Saliu) ” the combined reading of the provisions of sections 2, 5 (2) of the Niger-Delta Development Commission (establishment, etc.) Act Cap N86 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria; section 14 (1), (2) & (3); paragraphs 7 & 8 (1) (a), (b) & (2) of the third schedule to the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (as amended) can only lead to one conclusion; the constitution of the NDDC Board was unconstitutional, illegal, null and void and should be set aside. “ An Originating Summons dated and filed on the 29th day of December 2022 raised the following for determination by the court. “Whether Madam Lauretta Ifeanyi Onochie, the 8th Defendant qualifies as an indigene of an oil-producing area. “Whether quantum of oil production/contribution is not a mandatory qualification for determining priority of appointment into the NDDC Board. “Whether it is not mandatory that a person to be nominated to fill the slot of Delta State as either the Chairman or Managing Director or the Delta State Representative on the Governing Board of the Niger-Delta Development Commission must be an indigene of an oil producing community in the circumstances. ” Whether it is not illegal, unlawful, and repugnant to equity and good conscience for the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to nominate Madam Lauretta Ifeanyi Onochie, the 8th Defendant, and for the National Assembly to screen her notwithstanding her obvious non-qualification. ” Whether it is not illegal, unlawful, and repugnant to equity and good conscience for the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to exclude the Delta State of Nigeria, a prime oil-producing state from its due of the slots of a State Representative and Managing Director of the Commission in the circumstances.”  Prince Emmanuel Okotie-Eboh The son of Nigeria's First Finance Minister and the immediate past Regent of Warri Kingdom Prince Emmanuel Okotie-Eboh has cautioned President Muhammadu Buhari to ignore the call for a constituted Board of the Niger Delta Development Commission, NDDC by some politicians, noting that the timing is wrong.… In "News" Prince Emmanuel  Okotie-Eboh, son of Nigeria’s first Republic Finance Minister, Chief Festus Okotie-Eboh has cautioned President Mohammadu Buhari over the appointment of Board members for the Niger Delta Development Commission, noting that the acting Managing Director should be allowed to stabilise the commission still after the  2023 election. He said… In "News" The Chairman Warri Consultative Forum Mr. Emmanuel Okotie-Eboh has commended President Muhammadu Buhari for ordering a forensic audit of the operations of the Niger Delta Development Commission (NDDC) from 2001 to 2019. In "News"