Alleged attack by the Minister of Interior and Former Governor of Osun, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, on the Presidential Candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC, in the February 2023 General Elections, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, has been described as fake news and a creation of the imagination of jittery politicians who are bent on maligning the Minister in order to cause disaffection between the duo. A statement signed by Sola Fasure, the media adviser to Aregbesola on Wednesday titled, ‘Jittery Politicians Scared of Full Reconciliation’, stated that there is a well coordinated sinister plot to frustrate the reconciliation efforts being championed by notable individuals and other key stakeholders. “We are observing a sinister and coordinated effort to frustrate the reconciliatory moves being championed by notable stakeholders within and beyond our party to rally all necessary factors for the success of our Party at the February 2023 Presidential Election. “Just last week, jittery politicians who are authors of this malicious manuscript, paid a handful of rent-a-crowd comedians to react to a non-existent ‘attack’ and regurgitate the storyline again, with the intention to frustrate a series of reconciliation steps for their selfish interest”, Fasure noted. The Minister’s Adviser further stated that some known interest keeps promoting a narrative that he’s attacking or has once attacked Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, describing it as fake news and targeted at maligning his person. “The social media news making the rounds is targeted at maligning the person of Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola as concerns an alleged attack on the person of the presidential candidate of our Party, The All Progressives Congress, Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. This is FAKE news and simply not True. “We urge well-meaning Nigerians to be wary of the evil machinations of this cult of fifth columnists, whose sole business is to cause dissatisfaction, manufacture distractions and sow seeds of doubt”, Fasure revealed. The statement further said the Minister is focused on his current ministerial duties and ensuring his party, the APC emerges victorious at the Presidential election in February 2023. Read the full statement below; JITTERY POLITICIANS SCARED OF FULL RECONCILIATION. The attention of The Media Office of the Minister of Interior has been drawn to social media news ascribing false statements to Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, as concerns an attack on the person of the presidential candidate of our Party, The All Progressives Congress , Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu. This is FAKE news and simply not True. A pattern has clearly emerged of sinister and coordinated effort to frustrate the reconciliatory moves being championed by notable stakeholders within and beyond our party to rally all necessary factors for the success of our Party at the February 2023 Presidential Election. Just last week, jittery politicians who are authors of this malicious manuscript, paid a handful of rent-a-crowd comedians to react to a non-existent ‘attack’ and regurgitate the storyline again, with the intention to frustrate a series of reconciliation steps for their selfish interest. We urge well-meaning Nigerians to be wary of the evil machinations of this cult of fifth columnists, whose sole business is to cause disaffection, manufacture distractions and sow discord within the APC and the progressive fold. For the umpteenth time, the general public is advised to note that Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola is focused on delivering key reforms in the Ministry of Interior and its agencies as championed by President Muhammadu Buhari, and also ensure that the APC emerges victorious at the 2023 General Elections.  Alhaji Lawal Garba, the National Chairman, Forum of Patriotic APC Members, on Wednesday expressed confidence in the ability of Sen. Bola Tinubu reconciliation committee to make the party stronger and more united at the end of its assignment. In "News" There were strong indications last night that the feud between the National Leader of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Asiwaju Bola Tinubu, and Minister of Interior, Ogbeni Rauf Aregbesola, might be over earlier than it could be imagined. In "News" The recent spate of violence in Ife is a reflection of the anxiety that now prevails among APC stakeholders who are determined to frustrate the conduct of the August 9 election, the PDP national scribe, Prof. Wale Oladipo said yesterday. In "Politics"