By Biodun Busari The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar has said he is running for the office of the president to give a better Nigeria for future generations. Atiku, the former Vice President said his persistence to run in order to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari is largely from a parent perspective that wants to live a better country for his children. He made this revelation in a recent interview with BBC, where he said he thinks like a Nigerian parent. Read also: Atiku, PDP’ll industrialise their pockets, not Nigeria — Tinubu tells Anambra supporters “First of all, let me start from a private perspective. I have many children, I brought them up well, and sent them to the best schools, both within Nigeria and outside,” Atiku said. Video: I’m contesting to give better Nigeria to future generations – Atiku The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar has said he is running for the office of the president to give a better Nigeria for future generations. pic.twitter.com/q3lS7IKJnf— Vanguard Newspapers (@vanguardngrnews) January 31, 2023 “As I normally tell them, I have lived my life, and if I should bring them all back home, what kind of country will I leave for them? And there is this thinking that I have, it’s thinking behind every parent in this country. “What kind of country will they live for their kids? Is it a better country than I found it or not? This is one of the reasons behind my perseverance to run for the president of this country not only for my kids but for the future generations of everybody’s kids.” Video: I’m contesting to give better Nigeria to future generations – Atiku The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar has said he is running for the office of the president to give a better Nigeria for future generations. pic.twitter.com/q3lS7IKJnf  By Dirisu Yakubu Former Vice President of Nigeria and presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2019 election, Atiku Abubakar has reacted to the death of Nigeria’s foremost educationist and medical professional, Professor Emeritus Oladipupo Akinkugbe who died on Monday at the age of 86. In a statement… In "News" By Godwin Oritse FOLLOWING the numerous battles between Nigeria’s leading oil and gas logistics company, Intels Nigeria Limited and its stakeholders, the firm has said that it has severed ties with former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, who was one of its major shareholders. Intels said it severed ties with Atiku… In "News" Intels Nigeria Ltd., an oil and gas logistics company, on Monday said it had severed ties with former Vice President Atiku Abubakar, who was one of its major shareholders. The company said it severed ties with Abubakar and his family after the former Vice President sold off his shares and… In "News"