Manchester United have reached an agreement with Besiktas to sign forward Wout Weghorst. Besiktas are set to pocket €3million (£2.6m) fee (€2.8m guaranteed and €200,000 in bonuses) from the deal with the Dutch forward to join on loan from Burnley. Italian journalist, Fabrizio Romano confirmed the deal on his Twitter page on Thursday. Wout Weghorst to Manchester United, here we go! All conditions revealed on Tuesday are confirmed: Man Utd pay €3m to Besiktas then sign Weghorst on loan from Burnley 🚨🔴 #MUFC🛫 Understand Weghorst will fly to Manchester today to undergo medical tests and then sign contracts. pic.twitter.com/99TPoRuo67 Werghost is expected to fly to Manchester on Thursday to undergo medicals to complete the move to Old Trafford. According to reports, the Dutchman has already cleared out his locker and said goodbye to his teammates and should complete his move to Old Trafford imminently. The 6ft 6in striker has nine goals in 18 games for Besiktas this season and scored what proved to be the winner in Saturday’s 2-1 Super Lig victory over Kasimpasa.  Argentina beat the Netherlands in a penalty shootout in the early hours of Saturday after a dramatic 2-2 draw to reach the World Cup semi-finals. Dutch substitute Wout Weghorst scored two late goals, including a stoppage-time leveller, after Argentina had led 2-0 through Nahuel Molina and Lionel Messi’s penalty. Goalkeeper… In "Qatar World Cup" Memphis Depay celebrates with Donyell Malen after scoring to put the Netherlands 1-0 up against North Macedonia in their final Group C clash at the Johann Cryuff Arena, Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Photo: @OnsOranje By Temisan Amoye Netherlands captain Georginio Wijnaldum and Memphis Depay were standout performers as the Oranje sealed… In "Sports" Acrobatic volleys, long-range piledrivers and sweeping team goals: AFP looks at some of the most memorable goals of the 2022 World Cup: RICHARLISON (BRA) Brazil v Serbia, Group G Without doubt the most acrobatic goal of the tournament came after the Brazilian striker had already made his mark in Qatar… In "Qatar World Cup"