By Biodun Busari Bruce Fein, an American constitutional lawyer has raised concerns over why the three key presidential candidates in Nigeria, Atiku Abubakar, Bola Tinubu and Peter Obi have not promised to obey court verdicts to release the detained leader of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu. Kanu’s international lawyer and spokesperson, Fein, made this known in a tweet on Sunday, as he added the continued incarceration of the IPOB leader despite the court’s judgments as “lawless.” Read also: CNG disagrees with Ndigbo over call for Nnamdi Kanu’s release I’m ready to stand surety for Nnamdi Kanu – Soludo Lawyers walk out of Sudan ex-president trial in protest He queried Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Tinubu of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and Obi of the Labour Party (LP) for not pledging compliance to the directive of the United Nations Working Group.     Fein said that anyone who accepted to take custody of Kanu from the Department of State Service (DSS) was illegally aiding and abetting a violation of the UN Working Group’s decision stating that his case is international. “Arbitrary detention is a jus cogens norm of international law binding on all nations,” Fein tweeted. “The UN Working Group’s finding that Kanu was being arbitrarily detained in violation of 16 human rights covenants binds Nigeria. Why are Atiku, Tinubu, and Obi not pledging compliance? Lawless?” He further said, “Anybody accepting custody of MNK (Mazi Nnamdi Kanu) from DSS illegally aids and abets a violation of the UN Working Group’s definitive decision directing his immediate unconditional release. MNK’s case is international. Strict compliance with the Working Group through me is the only option.”  Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB Leader By Biodun Busari The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) have urged women in South-East to ignore an order by Nnamdi Kanu’s American lawyer, Bruce Fein to protest. IPOB stated this in a statement by its media and publicity secretary, Emma Powerful, on Friday. Fein, a constitutional… In "News" American legal luminary, Bruce Fein, Special Counsel to the detained Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has written a strong-worded letter to the British High Commissioner to Nigeria,  Catriona Laing, demanding enforcement of the United Nations, UN Human Rights Council Working Group on Arbitrary Commission… In "News" IPOB lauds UN for requesting Kanu's unconditional release, compensation In "News"