By Biodun Busari Hundreds of people attended a memorial service of a Zambian student, Lemekani Nyirenda who died fighting for Russia in Ukraine in September 2022. Nyirenda, a Tanzanian was laid to rest in Lusaka, the Zambian capital on Tuesday at a Baptist church. MSN said the 23-year-old was a regular worshipper of the church that buried him yesterday before he traveled to Russia to study nuclear engineering. Read also: Russia threatens ‘global catastrophe’ if US, NATO supply weapons to Ukraine Germany to send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine Why you should marry a rich woman – Iroko TV CEO, Jason Njoku Family members broke down as they filed past Nyirenda’s coffin. Hundreds of people attended a memorial service of a Zambian student, Lemekani Nyirenda who died fighting for Russia in Ukraine in September 2022. His death in September sparked a diplomatic row, with Zambia demanding an urgent explanation from the Kremlin. Tanzania on Tuesday meanwhile confirmed that Nemes Tarimo, another student, had been killed after also being recruited in jail by Wagner. “When Tarimo was serving jail, he was given an opportunity to join the Russian army group called Wagner for payment and the promise that he would be freed after the war,” Tanzanian Foreign Minister Stergomena Tax said. “Tarimo agreed and he was taken to Ukraine where he was killed on October 24.” Tarimo, who had been studying in Russia since 2020, was arrested in March 2022 and sentenced to a seven-year jail term for undisclosed reasons. “It’s illegal for a Tanzanian national to join any foreign army,” added the foreign minister. On Tuesday, Nyirenda’s father Edwin paid tribute to his son, saying he was a hard worker who helped set up a beehive business for the family.  As the days keep ticking away before the Russia 2018 World Cup qualifier between Chipolopolo and Eagles in Ndola on October 9, acting Zambian coach has admitted that the the opening match with the 2013 champions will be a daunting one. In "Sports" Ahead of the crucial Russia 2018 FIFA world cup qualifier between the Super Eagles of Nigeria and the Chipolopolo of Zambia, Wedson Nyirenda has again boasted that he is Nigeria for the maximum points at stake. In "News" Coach Wedson Nyirenda of the Chipolopolo of Zambia says his players are in high spirits to pick the maximum three points in Saturday’s 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Nigeria. In "News"