Napoli have increased the valuation of Super Eagles striker Victor Osimhen to €140m following his impressive performances. The 23-year-old has been on red-hot form for Napoli with 10 goals and two assists to his credit this season from his 13 league appearances. According to Il Mattino, Aurelio De Laurentiis, the Napoli president, now values Osimhen at €140m. The Italian news outlet wrote, “De Laurentiis thinks that Osimhen is worth it. The Nigerian knows how to do everything right: eight goals in the last eight games. He is undoubtedly the new ruler of Naples. Irreplaceable.” Osimhen’s excellent performances have seen several top European clubs interested in signing the Nigerian forward with this being the second time that Napoli has increased his valuation. In the 2022 summer window, Napoli demanded €100m from all interested parties, and when the deadline set by the club reached, they increased the asking price to €120m, saying they would no longer consider any offer lower than that. The publication revealed Napoli’s new asking price for Osimhen, while also reporting that both Manchester United and Bayern Munich are still interested in signing him.  Napoli owner Aurelio De Laurentiis confirmed the signing of Nigerian superstar Victor Osimhen from Lille, for €70 million Euros, with the deal potentially rising to €100m Euros when bonuses and wages are factored in. The details of the mega transfer were revealed by Mr Laurentiis when he spoke to Sky… In "Sports" Lille striker Victor Osimhen is set to reject a move to Napoli and wait for Manchester United and Arsenal to launch an official bid. Reports in Italy claim sources close to the Nigerian star, 21, have confirmed the forward will reject Gennaro Gattuso’s side. Instead, Osimhen will hold out for… In "Sports" Super Eagles forward Victor Osimhen has completed his Napoli medical and his €80m transfer from Lille is almost completed. Reports revealed that the player has already undergone his medical tests with the Napoli staff on Saturday and the deal is at the final stage of negotiations. It would be recalled… In "Sports"