By Dayo Johnson, Akure A 50-year-old man, Ogundeji Ojo, has committed suicide by setting his father’s house ablaze, in the Odojomu area, Ondo town, in Ondo state. Vanguard gathered that the victim said that he was fed up with life and that his mates usually make jest of him that at his age he was yet to make it in life. Ojo was said to have locked himself in a room in the house and set it on fire. Neighbours were said to have rushed him to the hospital where he later died. The entire building was reportedly razed down before the arrival of the men of the State Fire Service. Speaking with newsmen, an eyewitness, Mrs Sabaina Ogundeji said that the victim had earlier that same day, set a fire under the staircase of the house but was put off by some neighbours. “In the evening, everybody was outside, when Ogundeji went in and brought out his clothes and set them on fire. He later went inside and locked himself up in the room and set it on fire. “It was his voice we heard when he was shouting. People ran there to force the door open and brought him out. But he later died in the hospital.” Another neighbour said that “ When we rescued Ogundeji, he was not yet dead. He told us that he set the house on fire because some people were making jest of him because of his problem. The state police image maker, Funmi Odunlami, could not be reached for comment, but police officers at the Enu-Owa division, said that a man in Odojomu came to report the incident. They added that his remains has been deposited at the morgue in the state hospital, in Ondo town  Police detectives, in Ondo State, have arrested a 54-year-old father, Mr. Ojo Joseph, for reportedly setting ablaze five of his step-children, at Fagun Crescent area of Ondo city, Ondo State. In "News" By Dayo Johnson, Akure Two of the five children set ablaze by their step- father, Ojo Joseph, have died at the hospital in Ondo city, Ondo state. Their mother and the twins she gave birth to for the suspect after her first failed marriage escaped death by whiskers during the… In "Metro" By Dayo Johnson, Akure An Akure High Court has sentenced a 50 year old welder,  Daniyan Ojo, to death by hanging  for causing the death of his wife, Docas Daniyan, three year ago. The accused committed the offence when he set their matrimonial home ablaze with his wife inside,  on… In "News"