By Biodun Busari  The United Kingdom’s Department for Education, has effected some changes in the priority subjects for nationals pursuing relocation to the country via its Teaching Regulation Agency from next month.  According to the UK, the portal for the programme billed for February 1, 2023, will only be available to teachers with professionalism in certain subjects. Read also: Nigeria will need 4.6m teachers, 320,210 doctors, 781,353 nurses by 2050 — Okebukola UK admits surge in visa application by Nigerians UK moves to cut foreign students’ stay after graduation to 6 months The updated document by the UK DfE has specified the eligibility criteria for non-UK nationals who are interested in acquiring the Qualified Teacher Status (QTS) which will enable them find teaching jobs across the country.  In the report, some subjects which are in great demands in the UK will be given utmost priority. It added that under retained European Union (EU) and domestic legislation, teachers from some countries can easily apply for QTS, but others cannot, even if they have equivalent skills and experience. The report further stressed that the new legislation will make this process consistent and fair, as, “It will also support the movement of well-qualified teachers to the English workforce.” In the report of the latest development on the visa status and modes of application, the UK on its website, said, “A new professional recognition service, called ‘apply for qualified teacher status in England’, will set consistent standards so the qualifications and experience of overseas teachers can be fairly assessed. “It will eventually be open to qualified teachers from all countries outside the UK. “From February 1, 2023, applicants with a teaching qualification from the following countries and regions (Australia, Canada, the EEA, Gibraltar, Hong Kong, New Zealand, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Switzerland, Ukraine and the USA)  will be able to use the new service to check if they meet the requirements for Qualify Teacher Status and apply.” It further explained that applicants with a subject specialism in languages, Mathematics or science and a teaching qualification to teach 11 to 16-year-olds from Ghana, Nigeria, Singapore, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Jamaica and India will be able to use the service to check if they meet the requirements for QTS and also apply.” Speaking on the priority subjects, DfE noted that a teaching qualification that meets the standard of a level 6 qualification qualifying you to teach children aged 11 to 16, and a bachelor’s degree made up of at least 50 per cent mathematics, science or a language (excluding English) taught in English state schools.” DfE listed the priority subjects as French, German, Italian, Japanese, Latin, Mandarin, Russian and Spanish, excluding English Language. It, however, added that there will be an update on other subject specialism by May.