By Peter Egwuatu Guaranty Trust Bank UK Limited (GTBank UK) has reached settlement with the Financial Conduct Authority, FCA, of the United Kingdom, UK, accepting findings in relation to historical Anti-Money Laundering (AML) controls in its operations in the period of October 2014 to July 2019. The Bank cooperated fully with the FCA investigation and has agreed a penalty sum of GBP7,671,800, which has been calculated by reference to a proportion of the revenues of GTBank UK over the relevant period and includes a 30% discount for early settlement. The FCA’s investigation focused on GTBank UK’s AML controls and steps taken by GTBank UK to remediate these to ensure they operated in line with the relevant requirements. The findings are final, and no further action is anticipated in respect of this matter. The FCA acknowledged in its findings that GTBank UK has spent considerable time and resource in order to bring its AML standards up to the required level.   Commenting on the issue in a statement made available to Vanguard, Managing Director of GTBank UK, Mr. Gbenga Alade, said: “As a responsible financial services institution that is committed to best practices, GTBank UK takes its AML obligations extremely seriously. We note with sincere regret the FCA’s findings regarding AML control gaps in our operations in the past and we are very sorry for this.” He further stated; “We would like to assure all our stakeholders and the general public that necessary steps have been taken to address and resolve the identified gaps. Whilst there was no direct customer impairment arising from the period under review [and the FCA’s findings do not include any instances of suspected money laundering], we have since reinforced our AML control framework and implemented changes in our AML processes in line with best practice with a view to ensuring that the highest standards are maintained in our operations.”  Regulators fined five major banks $3.4 billion for failing to stop traders from trying to manipulate the foreign exchange market, the first settlement in a year-long global investigation. In "Business" Innoson Nigeria Ltd has reacted to statement credited to GTBank, saying that the bank’s claim was nothing short of being economical with the truth. In "News" Chairman of Innoson Group, Chief Dr Innocent Chukwuma has reacted to Friday’s July 13th 2018 ruling of the Enugu Division of the Court of Appeal that Guaranty Trust Bank appeal can be heard and thereby neglecting the fact that the same Court had given a ruling on 9th December 2014… In "News"