By Dapo Akinrefon THE Ijaw Monitoring Group, IMG, Tuesday, backed former Minister of Petroleum Resources, Mrs Diezani Alison Madueke’s move to initiate a process to reverse the forfeiture of her properties. IMG, in a statement by its Coordinator, Mr Joseph Evah, said Madueke’s move was a welcome development as it would enable her to get justice, urging the Economic and Financial Crime Commission, EFCC, to respect the court process initiated by her lawyer, Dr Mike Ozekhome. Evah said: “We condemn the intimidation and persecution of an Ijaw daughter. From the days of former Petroleum Minister, Prof Tam David-West, who was accused of taking wristwatch and tea cup bribes; to the days of Chief Dan Etete the enemies of Ijawland have always wanted to destroy our best brains who know the secrets of the oil world, but we are ready to resist their evil agenda. “When the new EFCC chairman resumed office, we told him to review Diezani’s cases that started in 2015 because the former EFCC leadership was relying on Diezani’s political enemies sponsored media trials to charge her in absentia. We also told the new EFCC leadership that the media trials and falsehood relied on by the commission was based on malice, hatred and jealousy from detractors of the former minister. “We said it had affected her health and she needed enough time to recover and defend herself because presently, she is managing her health abroad. Yet, the EFCC went ahead to seize her properties without giving the accused the opportunity to defend the allegations against her.”  A group, Ijaw Women Connect, IWC, has faulted the meanings some people read into a public lecture recently given by the former Minister of Petroleum, Mrs Diezani Alison-Madueke, saying the negative commentaries were not reflective of what the ex minister said at the lecture. In "News" A judge in Lagos on Wednesday ordered the confiscation of two multi-million-dollar penthouses in the latest seizure of assets linked to Nigeria's former oil minister. In "Law & Human Rights" Former Petroleum Minister, Diezani Alison-Maduekwe By Onozure Dania, Lagos A Federal High Court sitting in Lagos, on Friday, ordered the final forfeiture of a vacant plot of land situated at Plot 13, Block 1, Oniru Chieftaincy Family Private Estate, Lekki, Lagos, linked to Mrs Diezani Alison-Madueke, a former Petroleum Minister.… In "News"