Today, Friday, 27th January, 2023, Vanguard will roll out the red carpet in celebration of men and women who have distinguished themselves as achievers of excellence in their various fields of endeavors. Governors, Ministers, Heads of Organizations and Parastatals, Captains of Industries, and the Creme de la Creme of Nigeria are expected at this annual celebration of integrity, hard work, and service to the nation and mankind. Read also: D’Banj, Laolu Gbenjo to headline Vanguard Personality of the Year Award 2022  The Awards event promises to be a night of fun, glitz, glamour, laughter, great music, and of course, a celebration of our diverse culture. Accomplished administrator with over 30 years of experience in public sector governance, Dr. Ajoritsedere Awosika, will chair the Vanguard Personality of the Year 2022 Award. Holding at the Convention Centre of Eko Hotels and Suites, tomorrow, Dr. Awosika will superintend the ceremony where a host of eminent Nigerians, elder statesmen, distinguished governors, and trailblazers in various fields of human endeavours will be honoured.  Chairman of Dangote Group, Mr. Aliko Dangote, will be honoured as Vanguard Personality of the Year 2022. Governors Udom Emmanuel (Akwa Ibom), Ifeanyi Okowa (Delta), Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq (Kwara), Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and Babagana Zulum (Borno) will also be honoured for changing the fortunes of their various states. Iconic pharmacist, Dr. Awosika, at various times, was Permanent Secretary in the Ministries of Internal Affairs, Power and Science and Technology. She is a Fellow of the Pharmaceutical Society of Nigeria and the West African Postgraduate College of Pharmacy.  With a doctorate degree in Pharmaceutical Technology from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom, Dr. Awosika was appointed to the Board of Access Bank Plc. in April 2013 and served as the Vice-Chairman of the Board Audit Committee and Chairman of the Board Credit Committee, prior to her appointment as the Chairman of the Board.  Dr. Awosika sits on the boards of Capital Express Assurance Ltd., Josephine Consulting Ltd., Council of University of Warri, African Initiative for Governance, Med-In Pharmaceuticals Limited, and International Foundation Against Infectious Diseases.   Artists of the night include award-winning artist DBanj and the famous live band group of Laolu Gbenjo. The event will be transmitted live on Channels Television and streamed on all of Vanguard’s Social Media handles. You may also log in to our Instagram handle for all the glamorous behind the scene moments of this great event. It’s all happening at the prestigious Eko Hotel and Suites, Lagos. Time, 6pm. Red carpet opens at 5pm. Attendance is strictly by invitation.  https://youtu.be/zsgrXziBMNs The prestigious Vanguard Personality of the Year Awards is here again. On Friday, 20th May, 2022, Vanguard will roll out the red carpet in celebration of men and women who have distinguished themselves as achievers of excellence in their various fields of endeavors. Governors, Ministers, Heads of Organizations and… In "News" Those who have come in contact with  the seasoned business woman and society top shot, Princess Toyin Kolade  would attest to the fact that, she is generous to the fault.  The  head honcho of Fisolak Global Resource,  popularly known as ‘Iya-Alaje Apapa’,  showed her romantic side on the 14th of… In "Entertainment" Omuma Local Government Area in Rivers  State was in unprecedented celebration and grooving mood from the beginning of December 2019, and the festivities lasted until 5th January 2020, courtesy Hon. Kelechi Nwogu, the lawmaker representing Omuma Constituency in Rivers State House of Assembly. In "News"