By Vincent Ujumadu, Awka Anambra State governor, Professor Chukwuma Soludo has called on the federal government to release the detained leader of the  Indigenous People of Biafra ( IPOB), Nnamdi Kanu, saying he is prepared to stand surety for him. Kanu has been in detention  at the custody of the Department of State Service( DSS) since 2021 on allegation to treasonable felony after he was brought back to Nigeria from Kenya. Soludo, who spoke during the kickoff of the campaigns of the  All Progressives Grand Alliance ( APGA) for this year’s general elections at Alex Ekwueme Square  in Awka, appealed for unconditional release of the IPOB leader. He said: “I am making a passionate appeal to the Federal Government to release Mazi Nnamdi Kanu unconditionally. If he cannot be released unconditionally, I want him bereleased to me and I will stand surety for him”  “We need Nnamdi Kanu in the roundtable conversation to discuss the insecurity in the South East. We must end insecurity in the South East and we need Nnamdi Kanu to be around.” Soludo promised to cater for  Kanu if released to him, assuring that he would bring  him to the authorities any time he would be required to do so. Kanu was first arraigned on December 23, 2015, and was later granted bail on April 25, 2017. He fled the country in September 2017 following an invasion of his house by the military in his Afara-Ukwu, Umuahia country home in Abia State.  He was  re-arrested in Kenya and brought back to Nigeria and has been facing trial since then.  Mazi Kanunta Kanu, younger brother of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has objected to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo's offer of amnesty to IPOB members, arguing that members of the movement, are not criminals in the first place to deserve amnesty. In "News" The leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, IPOB, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu has described killings of innocent people, destruction and unlawful restrictions of movement in the Southeast as senseless, insisting such heinous acts are perpetrated by groups masquerading as IPOB to give the struggle a bad identity. In "News" By Steve Oko Mazi Kanunta Kanu, younger brother of the detained leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has objected to Gov. Chukwuma Soludo's offer of amnesty to IPOB members, arguing that members of the movement, are not criminals in the first place to deserve amnesty. Gov.… In "News"