By Chioma Obinna The World Medical Association, WMA, and the Standing Committee of European Doctors (CPME) have criticised the Turkish Government’s harassment of the Turkish Medical Association, condemning court hearing to dismiss 11 members of the Turkish Medical Association’s Executive Council and proposed legislation threatening the autonomy and independence of the Turkish Medical Association. The duo warned in a press statement that the proposed bill would have a deteriorating impact on the delivery of quality healthcare in Turkey. The Chair of the WMA Council, Dr. Frank Ulrich Montgomery said: “No physician could support such a bill which goes against the well-being of people, at the expense of those whom the state has the duty to protect. “Independent, autonomous and democratic national medical associations, such as the Turkish Medical Association, fulfill a crucial role not only for the medical profession, but for patients, the healthcare system and the population as a whole. “An autonomous profession allows the best delivery of healthcare and an independent representation of the medical profession is paramount in the implementation of these principles.’ President of the CPME, Dr. Christiaan Keijzer, described the legislation as ‘irrational and unacceptable’ and added; “‘Rather than continuing threats against the medical profession, the Turkish Government should consider the Turkish Medical Association as an independent and constructive partner in addressing public health priorities for the benefit of the Turkish population.” The WMA and the CPME urged the Turkish authorities to drop the legislation immediately and to unconditionally safeguard the TMA’s autonomy and independence by withdrawing all charges against its members.  The newly installed President of the World Medical Association, Dr Osahon Enabulele on Friday called for urgent steps to invest more in the well-being, working and living conditions of physicians and other health professionals. In "News" Medical organisations unite to free physician leader In "Health" For the second time, Former President of the Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, and current President Commonwealth Medical Association, Dr. Osahon Enabulele, and the current World Medical Association’s, WMA, Chairman, Dr. Frank Ulrich Montgomery among others have been re-elected into the WMA Council for another two- year term. In "News"