**OKOWA, PDP DENY APC USE OF PUBLIC VENUES IN DELTA Deputy Senate President and Delta APC Governorship candidate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has reeled out his achievements as senator representing Delta Central Senatorial District. Speaking at campaign rallies at Imode and Oviri-Olomu, both in Ughelli South LGA; and Kiagbodo in Burutu LGA, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege said he has fulfilled his vow to bring development to every Urhobo community using his office as Deputy Senate President. “And today, there is no Community in the whole of Urhoboland where my presence is not felt. My promise was to light up Delta Central, it was a promise made and a promise kept. If for any reason there is a community yet to be lit up, I am assuring you that in the next two weeks they will be lit up. He said he also took up assignments to develop schools, primary and secondary, in Urhoboland and that he ensured that at least one school was selected from each local government area in  Delta central for renovation and setting up of ICT centres. According to him, he secured the Federal Polytechnic, Orogun, for Urhoboland, brought in a campus of the Nigerian Law School, as well the Nigerian Defence Space College, among others. “Predicated on the promises made and realizing that Delta State has been run aground by the Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa-led PDP government, I requested a larger platform to do more for not only Urhobo people but across all Delta and that is why I am running for governor. I am prepared and equipped to take over the reins of the government of Delta State. “I am aware that our senior citizens who retired either as primary school teachers or as staff of local government councils, for the past eight years have not been paid their gratuities after putting in the best of their youthful years to serve Delta State. “I am aware that the payment of the gratuities is not by any form a favour or grant by Governor Ifeanyi Okowa, rather it is the retirees’ contributions which the State government deducted ahead of their retirement and instead of releasing the money, Okowa has misappropriated the funds. Some of them, eight years after retirement, are yet to be paid. A good number of them have died while others are sick and suffering for lack of money for self upkeep. “But I make a promise to our senior citizens, I will pay all your gratuities within the first six months of my being in office as governor of Delta State to put PDP to shame.” He pledged to empower women through skills acquisition and development projects with guaranteed bank loans to pursue their trades. He also promised to attract manufacturing companies to the State to provide job opportunities for the youth. He explained that his capacity to fulfil his promises would be boosted by the election of Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the APC presidential candidate. “Let me tell you, Tinubu will be declared the next President of Nigeria and it is good that votes from Delta State add up to his victory.” He also made case for the election of Chief Ede Dafinone, Rev Francis Waive and John Oyibokwifi as Senators, House of Representatives and House of Assembly members respectively. Earlier on, State Chairman of the party, Elder Omeni Sobotie warned that the APC would not subscribe to any form of intimidation from any quarters. “They have started issuing threats to PDP members who are joining us, but if they continue, we will apprehend and prosecute them.” The APC Campaign rally was earlier scheduled for the Otughievwen Primary School but were allegedly disallowed following orders from the state government and the PDP. The rally was later taken to a private ground in Imode. Similarly, the Oviri-Olomu secondary school which was the scheduled venue for Oviri-Olomu rally was also denied the APC. In goodwill messages, Olorogun Ima Niboro, Director of Communications and Media Strategy, Delta APC Campaign Council, and Member , APC Presidential Campaign Council, commiserated with the people for tolerating Okowa’s wickedness for so long. He described Omo-Agege as a lion who is leading the battle to liberate Delta State from the stranglehold of PDP and called on all to queue behind and vote him as governor. On his part, Rt. Hon Monday Igbuya, former Speaker of Delta State House of Assembly apologized to Urhobo people for supporting the emergence of Dr. Okowa as governor in 2015. He said against the good standards set by Governors James Ibori and Emmanuel Uduaghan, Okowa has chosen to support a “tout” to be governor of Delta State. “I was a founding member of the PDP, when it comes to the election of Senator Omo-Agege, some of us will dance naked,” he said. Also speaking, Dr Chris Oghenechovwen, Director of Protocol and Logistics, Delta APC Campaign Council, said Ughelli South has been sold out and the key to its freedom pocketed by political merchants. They must be forced to hand over the keys, he said. Highlight of the rallies was the defection of more and more former members of the PDP to the APC.  The Deputy President of the Senate and governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Delta State, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege and his deputy, Rt. Hon. Friday Osanebi, have been conferred with traditional chieftaincy titles in Nsukwa Kingdom in Aniocha South LGA of Delta State. The chieftaincy titles were conferred… In "News" DEPUTY President of the Nigerian Senate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, Thursday, emerged as the governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress, APC in Asaba, Delta State.  In "News" Senator representing Delta senatorial district on the platform of the All Progressives Congress, APC, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege has again kicked against the reelection of anyone from Delta north senatorial district as governor of the state next year. In "Politics"