By Biodun Busari All departing flights across the United States were grounded on Wednesday morning after the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) disclosed that it experienced a computer outage. According to an NBC report, the FAA said that it had ordered all airlines to pause domestic departures until 9 a.m. ET. The aviation body announced at around 8:50 am that the ground stop had been lifted and that normal air traffic operations were resuming gradually across the country. Read also: Spare: I was born to donate organs, blood to William, Harry reveals “The agency continues to look into the cause of the initial problem,” FAA said. More than 4,000 flights within, to and out of the US were delayed as of around 9 am on Wednesday, according to the online flight tracker FlightAware. It also added that more than 700 flights were listed as cancelled. The FAA said earlier on its website that its Notice to Air Missions (NOTAM) system had “failed.” NOTAM contains information essential to workers involved in flight operations. “Operations across the National Airspace System are affected,” the agency said in a statement. In an update posted to Twitter just before 7:20 am, the FAA said it was ordering airlines to pause all domestic departures until 9 am. “(it is) to allow the agency to validate the integrity of flight and safety information,” it said. In subsequent updates, it said that all flights in the sky were safe to land and that departures had resumed in some places “due to air traffic congestion.” “Pilots check the NOTAM system before they fly. A Notice to Air Missions alerts pilots about closed runways, equipment outages, and other potential hazards along a flight route or at a location that could affect the flight,” the agency said.  Chastised by the top US aviation regulator, Boeing on Thursday at last acknowledged that its 727 MAX aircraft will not return to the skies until next year. Steve Dickson, head of the Federal Aviation Administration, met Thursday with Boeing chief Dennis Muilenburg to express concerns the company is rushing to… In "Aviation" Boeing said Friday it discovered a new flaw in the software on the grounded 737 MAX aircraft, but hopes to resolve the matter shortly so that it does not further delay the plane's expected return to service. "We are making necessary updates and working with the FAA on submission of… In "Aviation" The recertification process for Boeing’s troubled 737 Max jets will extend into next year, the head of the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) on Wednesday said. “We have a number of milestones yet to complete,” Steve Dickson, Administrator of the FAA, told the House transportation committee. Dickson said while the… In "Foreign"