Nollywood actress, Ireti Doyle has finally confirmed her divorce from veteran broadcaster, Patrick Doyle. The actress who made the revelation during an interview with Chude, said she was no longer married to film producer and actor husband Patrick, with whom she shares six children with. “We are officially divorced” she confirmed. Read also: Bring proofs, Yomi Casual’s wife tackles those labelling her husband gay Ireti posted a clip of the interview on her Instagram page. The 55-year-old explained that she had her first child at the age of 19 and stressing that “she had no business being married at that time.” “When you’re an adult, it’s not a life and death situation…there are some situations that are way beyond your control,” she added. She said, “The truth of the matter is that I had no business being married at that time, period! let’s not talk go to the choice of who I married. “I can’t sacrifice my life in the alter of your imagination or your fantasy,” she said. “There is a time to be silent and a time to speak. In this age where everything one says is scrutinised and quartered; it takes a certain level of trust to bare intimate details .. we are here now,” she wrote in an accompanying post.  Popular rapper, Falz, Afro-beat singer, Seun Kuti and veteran actress, Iretiola Doyle have condemned the arrest of human rights activist cum publisher of Sahara Reporters, Omoyele Sowore, by heavily armed men of the Department of State Security Service, at the weekend and the subsequent police brutality on journalists, protesters at… In "Entertainment" My baby was three months old when I hit the set of Fuji House of Commotion. You need to see my car. I used to drive one nice “tuketuke” BMW at the time. I had everything, from the baby bath, stove, food to everything in my car because I had… In "Home Video People" The First Lady of Lagos State, Mrs. Abimbola Fashola, has joined other Nigerians to condemn the exploitation of women in Nollywood. She therefore wants an improvement on the prevalent themes in our movies. In "Home Video People"