he Gombe State gubernatorial candidate of the Labour Party (LP),  Mr Keftin Amuga      has described the party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi as the only option for Nigerians to enjoy good governance. He said this on the sidelines of the inauguration of the LP Gombe State Gubernatorial Campaign Council, on Wednesday  in Gombe. The governorship hopeful said that Obi remained the only option for Nigerians yearning for change and better leadership which would translate to the improvement of the wellbeing of the people. He said that of all the candidates vying to succeed President Muhammadu Buhari in 2023, Obi remained the most qualified and competent with the needed character to restore Nigeria to the path of progress. “That Obi is not popular in the North is a figment of the imagination of some people; It is not true. “Peter Obi is popular in Borno, Yobe and Kano States and he is popular everywhere. “He (Obi) is the only option for Nigerians who want good governance and better leadership,” he said. On gubernatorial election, Amuga said that since his emergence as the LP flag bearer, the party became a threat to the electoral chances of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) and other opposition parties in the state. He said the APC, the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) and the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP) are now scared of the wide acceptance of LP’s candidates at all levels. “That’s why they are working to blackmail me.  I will not be distracted because our chances are very high.” Amuga dismissed insinuations that his party lacked the structure to win elections in the state, adding that the crowd that turned out for the inauguration was proof that LP would sweep poll in the state. “I want to declare that, I am in the gubernatorial race to win and have no intention whatsoever to compromise the redemption and restoration of the people of Gombe State, talkless of withdrawing from the race.”   Election of Mr Peter Obi, presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) will re-define governance in Nigeria, Mrs Dudu Manuga, the party’s National Women Leader said in Gombe on Friday. Manuga told the Newsmen that Obi remained the most competent candidate that would meet the expectations of Nigerians. According to… In "News" Rivers State Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC,  Chairperson and Labour Party gubernatorial candidate, Beatrice Itubo, has said President Muhammadu Buhari's administration was comatose and bereft of ideas. In "News" Special adviser on media to Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, for the 2023 general elections, Mr  Valentine Obienyem has said that the LP candidate believes that only good governance in Nigeria would resolve the problem of Nigerians living illegally in foreign countries. In "News"