By Biodun Busari The co-founder of Stagecoach Dame Ann Gloag, her husband and other two other members of her family have been charged with human trafficking offences. Gloag, one of Scotland’s richest women was charged after a police interview on Thursday, according to Sky News. According to reports, the 80-year-old was charged alongside her 72-year-old husband David McCleary, her daughter-in-law Sarah Gloag, 47, and son-in-law Paul McNeil. Read also: Google parent company, Alphabet sacks 12,000 workers They were all interrogated by detectives but they denied the allegations of human trafficking and immigration offences levelled against them.   A spokesperson for the Scottish transport multimillionaire said Gloag “strongly disputes the malicious allegations” made against her. The spokesperson said Gloag “strongly disputes the malicious allegations that have been made against her, her foundation and members of her family, and will vigorously defend herself and the work of her foundation to protect her legacy and continue her work helping thousands of people in the UK and abroad every year.” Gloag co-founded the Stagecoach bus company in 1980 with her brother Brian Souter and was made a dame in 2019 for her business and charity work. The company is the UK’s biggest bus and coach operator and is now managed by DWS Infrastructure.  The 25-year-old Blessing Gabriel, accused of running a syndicate involved in trafficking girls to Dubai, United Arab Emirates, for sexual exploitation, told journalists in Lagos, Tuesday, that one of the girls that appeared in a nude video that went viral knew she was coming for sex work. In "Just Human" DIRECTOR General of National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons,NAPTIP,Julie Okah-Donli,said the agency has since activated surveillance strategies to match antics of traffickers traffickers ahead of the yuletide. In "News" Seven out of the 26 pregnant girls  who  were recently rescued from some baby factories in Lagos, are due for delivery. In "News"