The Osun state Governorship Election Petitions Tribunal of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said not all data was transmitted as at the time the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC obtained the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) report. A former Director, Voter Education and Publicity, INEC, Oluwole Osaze-Uzzi, stated this during an interview on Channels Television’s Sunrise Daily on Monday. Read also: APC to Adeleke: Sponsored protests can’t save you Recall that the tribunal ruling, on Friday, had nullified the election of Peoples Democratic Party, PDP’s Ademola Adeleke amid over-voting and additional votes for Adegboyega Oyetola of the APC, putting him ahead of Adeleke. But, Ozaze-Uzzi said there should not have been a discrepancy in the 2022 Osun State governorship election. He explained that the APC obtained a certified copy of the initial server report before some of the data had been transmitted by the BVAS hardware. The Director, however, pointed out that the verdict was not a unanimous judgement. He said, “The second [tribunal] member – the honourable justice who dissented from his two colleagues – said, ‘I would rather use the primary source of this information, and the primary source of this data is actually the machine itself. “It is basically a computer. So, rather than go to the server where it transmitted data, I would use the printout from the machine itself. “The machines were tendered, so were the reports from the server, and there ought not to have been a discrepancy, but somewhere along the line, not all the data had been transmitted at the time the APC obtained the certified copy of the initial server report.” Osaze-Uzzi, however, described the judgement as a validation of the role BVAS has played in enhancing the electoral process. He encouraged stakeholders to take a more optimistic outlook, arguing that BVAS exposed the over-voting in the election. He further said, “It was BVAS that exposed that as it were, and the fact that the BVAS report was relied on. But we have to be careful; which of the BVAS reports was relied on? Was it what was transmitted to the server – to the back-end – or was it the BVAS itself?” According to Osaze-Uzzi, there is a need to break the verdict of the tribunal. He added that the majority of the tribunal – “the chairman and the second member” – relied on the initial report and the initial report of the back-end, duly certified by INEC. Osaze-Uzzi said, “It was downloaded from the server [after it was] transmitted. But a couple of days later – INEC used the word ‘synchronised’, I’m not too sure I like that word, but – you synchronise it and say, ‘Have all the results been transmitted – has all data been transmitted from the machine, BVAS itself, to the server?’ “The machine is a physical one and then it transmits to a physical one. It now went, checked and said, ‘There’s a problem here.’ The BVAS report now downloaded itself, [we] now brought it out and examined each BVAS machine and now found out that no, some data was not transmitted to the server,” he added.  Osun Guber: Over voting occurred in six polling units, not 749 - Adeleke In "News" GOVERNOR Adegboyega Oyetola of Osun State and the governor-elect, Senator Ademola Adeleke, yesterday, disagreed over alleged overvoting brought before the state election petition tribunal. In "News" File image ....Admits Adeleke's alleged forged By Shina Abubakar  OSUN State Governorship Election Petition Tribunal has admitted in evidence, the Certified True Copies, CTC, of the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System, BVAS, reports brought before it by Governor Adegboyega Oyetola, alleging over-voting in favour of Senator Ademola Adeleke during the July 16… In "News"