Arsenal are close to signing Spezia defender Jakub Kiwior for a fee of €20m with add-ons. The Polish Center-back is reported to have agreed to the personal terms with a tremendous five-year-deal contract attached to his transfer to the English club. Italian journalist Fabrizio Romano confirms that Arsenal is making moves for the defender that rejected Borussia Dortmund and Serie A giants, Juventus. “Arsenal has completed the signing of Jakub Kiwior, here we go! Contracts are being signed with Spezia, with fees in excess of €20m with add-ons. “Understand Kiwior has agreed to personal terms on a five-year deal — medical will be completed in the next 48 hours. It’s done.” Fabrizio tweeted. Read Also Liverpool vs Chelsea: Klopp confirms Nunez will be available for Reds Arsenal sign Leandro Trossard from Brighton Kiwior has been a defensive mastermind for Spezia contributing to their attacks with Nice passing and stable building from the back, exactly the abilities Mikel Arteta needs in his side. The 22-year-old was part of Poland’s national team for the World Cup defending against attackers for them till they fell short against Ex-champions of the World, France. The London side on the other hand is close to completing the deal for Belgian forward, Leandro Trossard from Brighton for a fee of £ 27 million.  Arsene Wenger's first activity in the transfer market since signing a new contract last week was securing the services of Bosnian international defender Sead Kolasinac on a free transfer. In "Sports" Arsenal announced the capture of Swiss international defender Stephan Lichtsteiner from Juventus on Tuesday -- new manager Unai Emery's first signing for the Premier League club. In "Sports" Former Arsenal defender Martin Keown believes the club is a 'sinking ship' under current coach Unai Emery, following Saturday's home draw against Southampton. The Gunners were set for an embarrassing defeat to the Saints at the Emirates until Alexandre Lacazette popped up in the 96th minute to equalize. With the… In "Sports"