By Biodun Busari The Iranian government has sentenced three more protesters to death after accusing them of killing members of the security forces during nationwide demonstrations triggered by Mahsa Amini’s death. The country’s judiciary announced on Monday that the accused – Saleh Mirhashemi, Majid Kazemi and Saeed Yaghoubi will be executed for waging “war against God,” as per AFP. Iran has been bewildered by civil unrest since the September 16 death in custody of 22-year-old Kurdish Iranian Amini, following her arrest for allegedly breaching Iran’s dress code for women. Read also: Iran hangs two more men in connection with nationwide protests AFP said the latest sentences, which can still be appealed, bring to 17 the total number of people condemned to death in connection with nearly four months of protests. Four executions have been carried out and six of those sentenced to capital punishment have been granted retrials. Mirhashemi, Kazemi and Yaghoubi were sentenced to death on charges of “moharebeh” under Iran’s Islamic sharia law, the judiciary’s Mizan Online news website reported. Also, they were all found guilty of belonging to a “criminal group with the intention of disrupting the security of the country”, a charge that carries a 10-year jail term. Two others were handed prison terms for the incident that led to the deaths of the three security agents in the central province of Isfahan on November 16.  People with a 'Stop Execution in Iran' sign rally in support of Iranian protesters, in Berlin, Oct. 22, 2022 (Photo: Time Magazine) By Biodun Busari The Iranian government has executed a man by hanging after accusing and trying him for injuring a paramilitary officer during multiple protests that have swept… In "Metro" By Biodun Busari  Iran's top court has ordered the retrial of a third protester on death row sentenced over the nationwide protests that began more than 100 days ago.  The judiciary in the Islamic Republic made this known on Saturday, according to AFP.  The country has been rocked by demonstrations… In "Metro" Following the death of its former military commander, Qasem Soleimani, Iranian government, Monday issued warrant of arrest against the President of United State, Donald Trump and other suspects. In "News"