British journalist, Piers Morgan has fired back at criticisms that Cristiano Ronaldo is ‘finished’ after his move away from Europe to the Middle East. Contrary to the criticisms, Morgan opined that Ronaldo’s move to Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia for a record fee is proof he is still one of the world’s best players. The 37-year-old completed his record-breaking switch to Saudi Arabia last month and has penned a £173million-a-year deal in the Middle East, putting an end to his career in Europe and any opportunity of building upon his Champions League records. Ronaldo, prior to his exit at Old Trafford, struggled for game time at Manchester United and a potential exit got consummated after the Portuguese star conducted an explosive interview with Morgan. Read Also Barca’s Torres, Atletico’s Savic banned for two games Chelsea sign Atletico forward Joao Felix on loan Ronaldo berated the club, the Glazers and Erik ten Hag for their treatment of him while admitting he has no “respect” for the United boss. In response, Red Devils released a statement confirming that the forward had been released from the club by mutual consent. After sealing a deal with the Saudi giants, Ronaldo has been subjected to heavy criticisms over his decision to make that switch. Morgan, in response, tweeted, “Last time I checked, Cristiano had just signed the biggest transfer deal in football history to become the world’s highest-paid athlete at the age of 38, playing in the only country to beat World Champions Argentina in the World Cup. That’s my kinda ‘finished.'”  By Efosa Taiwo Cristiano Ronaldo has denied reports linking him with a potential move to Saudi Arabian outfit Al-Nassr on a lucrative offer worth £173million-a-year. The Portuguese star, who came off the bench in Portugal's 6-1 thumping of Switzerland, said after the match that the report is untrue. Ronaldo is a… In "Sports" By Efosa Taiwo Cristiano Ronaldo has reportedly agreed to a staggering £172.9million-a-year contract with Al Nassr in Saudi Arabia. The 37-year-old is on the lookout for a new team after Manchester United terminated his contract last week in response to his controversial interview with Piers Morgan earlier this month. According… In "Sports" By Adegboyega Adeleye  Manchester United midfielder, Christian Eriksen has admitted that the club is moving on from the 'sad' departure of Cristiano Ronaldo, saying the 'fans will forget what it was like' with the superstar. Ronaldo had his contract terminated by mutual consent during the 2022 World Cup after an… In "Sports"