Deputy Governor of Delta State, Barr. Kingsley Otuaro, has congratulated citizens of the state and Nigerians on the new year 2023 and expressed confidence that it would be a year of glad tidings for the people.  Otuaro’s message of goodwill was contained in a statement made available to the press on Sunday at his country home, Okerenkoko, in Gbaramatu Kingdom, Warri South-west. He said that with the much-awaited year 2023 already here, citizens would have the opportunity to vote in new leaders across the country.  Otuaro, who is Chairman of the Delta State Advocacy Committee Against Vandalism of Oil and Gas Facilities, commended the oil-bearing communities in the state for their peaceful disposition and called on them to sustain their partnership with the government and oil producing companies in 2023.  He assured that oil-producing communities would immensely benefit from the Host Communities Fund in the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA), which he said the Atiku-Okowa ticket of the PDP had promised to implement.  The Delta deputy governor urged the people of the state to support all candidates of the PDP to enable the party rescue and rebuild Nigeria from the ruins caused by the maladministration of the All Progressives Congress (APC)-led federal government.  He assured the people of the state that the Okowa administration would finish strongly to the admiration of Deltans and urged them to support the Sheriff Oborevwori and Monday Onyeme ticket for the governorship of the state.  Otuaro added that Oborevwori would bring his M.O.R.E. Agenda to advance development in the state.  By Emmanuel Okogba The Director of Media and Publicity of the KBO Campaign Organization, Pst. Alex Akemotubo, has said the Deputy Governor is still very much in the race to take over from Dr. Ifeanyi Okowa come 2023. Akemotubo said this on Monday while addressing the press to debunk reports… In "News" Otuaro Messiah Doupade Olaye, a  Niger Delta activist based in Warri, Delta State, has endorsed Delta State Deputy Governor, Kingsley Otuaro's ambition to govern the state. Olaye said despite the fact that all the aspirants  are eminently qualified,  Otuaro  stands  out. He said if Otuaro is given the opportunity to… In "News" By Emmanuel Okogba The Ijaw nation has taken an interim position on the issue of who gets the backing of the region to become the governor of Delta State come 2023. In a communique signed and made available to newsmen, the body said it has given Deputy governor, Kingsley Otuaro… In "News"