Transnational Corporation Plc, Nigeria’s largest listed conglomerate with investments in the Power, Hospitality, and Energy sectors, has emerged winner of the Sectorial Leadership Award – Conglomerates and the Highest Dividend Cover Award at the Pearl Awards in Lagos. The awards were in recognition of the Group’s outstanding operational and stock market performance in 2021, and mark another milestone for the Company. Commenting on the awards, Transcorp’s President/ Group Chief Executive Officer Owen Omogiafo, said “This recognition is a testament to our commitment to excellence, and an acknowledgment of the outstanding work being done by the entire Transcorp team. We are honored to have won in the categories in which we were nominated at the Pearl Awards and are focused on continuing to deliver great results across all our businesses. “I am also delighted that our hospitality subsidiary, Transcorp Hotels Plc was also awarded the Sectorial Leadership Award – Services (Hotels/Lodging) for redefining hospitality and continuing to deliver exceptional service to guests” “The Group’s continued success and growth span almost two decades and can be attributed to its core values and strong corporate governance, demonstrated by its robust Board of Directors, chaired by Tony O. Elumelu”. Present on stage during the award presentation were Mrs. Foluke Abdulrazaq, Vice Chairman/Independent Director, Transcorp Group, Toyin Sanni, Non-Executive Director, Transcorp Group, and Peter Ikenga, MD/CEO, Transcorp Energy Limited. Transnational Corporation Plc is a publicly quoted Conglomerate, with a diversified shareholder base of approximately 300,000. The Group’s portfolio comprises strategic investments in the power, hospitality, and oil and gas sectors. Our businesses include Transcorp Hilton Abuja, Transcorp Hotels Calabar, Transcorp Power, Transafam Power, and Transcorp Energy.  Transcorp Hilton Abuja has been recognized as 2015 Hilton Hotels & Resorts Brand Award winner. The hotel was honored with the awards of 2015 Director of Sales, 2015 Sales Team of the Year and 2015 Best Tactical Marketing Campaign for Middle East & Africa (MEA), awarded by Hilton Hotels &… In "Travel & Tourism" Transcorp Hilton Abuja,  has emerged the winner of two 2017 World Luxury Hotel Awards in the Best Luxury Contemporary Hotel (Nigeria) and Best Luxury City Hotel (West & Central Africa) categories. The five-star hotel was honoured with the prestigious award at a Gala Ceremony hosted by the historical Kulm Hotel… In "Business" “To win the World Travel Awards in five categories is unprecedented in Nigeria and we are delighted that our efforts at delivering world class experiences consistently to our Guests are recognised and appreciated. It is a fitting reward for the hard work and dedication of our Team Members especially in… In "News"