By Biodun Busari American cloud-based software company, Salesforce Inc. has announced to lay off 10% of its workers this year, according to Bloomberg. The tech firm’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Marc Benioff told the employees on Wednesday, adding that the company had hired “too many people.” The announcement made Salesforce the latest tech company to embark on cutting off jobs in the developed world as economic experts forecast a recession in 2023. Read also: Meta fires over 11,000 employees Amazon plans to sack 10,000 workers Putin tells Ukraine he’s ready for peace talks, gives conditions In November 2022, Meta, the parent company of Facebook, WhatsApp and Instagram relieved more than 11,000 employees of their jobs. In the same vein, Amazon said it would cut 10,000 jobs while Twitter revealed it planned to cut about 3,700 jobs as well. The announcement of the layoff of workers came from the organisation’s billionaire CEOs – Mark Zuckerberg, Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk respectively at separate periods.   Addressing the company’s employees through a letter yesterday, Salesforce CEO said the business environment has been challenging and cannot sustain the entire staff. “The environment remains challenging and our customers are taking a more measured approach to their purchasing decisions. With this in mind, we’ve made the very difficult decision to reduce our workforce by about 10 per cent, mostly over the coming weeks. “I’ve been thinking a lot about how we came to this moment. As our revenue accelerated through the pandemic, we hired too many people leading into this economic downturn we’re now facing, and I take responsibility for that,” Benioff said. Benioff who has a net worth of $6 billion told employees they should offer staff facing the sack “the compassion and love they and their families deserve and need now more than ever.” Statistics say Salesforce employs an overall staff numbering 73,500 translating to about 7,350 people who would lose their jobs. In the United Kingdom, it has over 2,500 workers which connotes 250 jobs that would be affected.  Meet Sharif Shaalan! Shaalan started his career path by joining his family business as a food truck chef in Newark Airport in New Jersey. Then, he decided it was time to start his own endeavor and create his own legacy. Shaalan did just that. Now, he is a registered expert… In "News" Twitter announced plans Thursday to cut nine percent of its workforce as the struggling social network reaffirmed its strategy to drive growth after failing to find a buyer. In "Technology" Heels and Tech offers high-quality courses such as Business Analysis, Salesforce CRM, SAP HR Success Factor, Data Analytics, and Product Management. The company has trained students from 12 countries and has about 5,000 member In "Woman's Own"