Gombe state government has denied issuing an order for the arrest of a radio journalist for hosting a member of New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP) as alleged by the party. This is contained in a release signed by Alhaji Shuaibu Gara, Special adviser to Gov. Inuwa Yahaya on information management and strategy and made available to newsmen in Gombe on Sunday. The News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) recalled that a journalist working with Jewel FM Gombe, alongside his guest, were arrested and detained by the Police after hosting a programme. “What we know is that the government complained to the police that we monitored a 30-minute radio programme where a guest was invited to a political programme. “And in the programme, the guest alleged that the government spent N4 billion to fence the government house. “We presented to the police our records for the entire state budget for maintenance of all public buildings between 2019 and 2022. To give him fair hearing we equally wanted the police to ask him to provide his evidence. “How can someone say that we spent over N4 billion just to fence government house alone. “When confronted by investigators, the suspect does not even know how many millions make up N1 billion,” he said. He further challenged the opposition to provide proof that any journalist was arrested, adding that the government only tabled a complaint to the police against the radio guest who made unfounded allegations against the government. “Gombe state government did not order the arrest of any journalist, anyone who claims that a journalist was arrested, let the journalist show us his accreditation by the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ),” he said. Gara further appealed to the public who wants to get any information from the government to follow appropriate channels. (NAN)  The Emir of Gombe, Alhaji Abubakar Shehu the 111, has honoured Gov. Inuwa Yahaya with the traditional title of First Dan-Maje In "News" Gov. Inuwa Yahaya of Gombe state, has sworn in Justice Muazu Yahaya as the Acting Chief Judge (CJ) of the state. Yahaya said in Gombe on Wednesday during the ceremony that the appointment of Pindiga followed the expiration of the three-month tenure of Acting CJ Justice Beatrice Iliya. He said… In "News" For turning the people's electoral hopes and expectations into tangible realities with attendant remarkable socio-economic development of his State, the Board of Editors and Management of Leadership Newspapers formally conferred on Gombe State Governor, Muhammadu Inuwa Yahaya, the Leadership Governor of the Year 2021. In "News"