Defending champion Rafael Nadal has qualified for the second round of the Australian Open after beating Jack Draper in four sets: 7-5, 2-6, 6-4, 6-1. Nadal had to make hard work of Draper who took the game to him in the early sets but eventually toned down as the clash wore on as he appeared to have picked up a knock. Despite losing at the end, Draper gave a good account of himself against the 22-Grand Slam champion in their first ever meeting with his serves and forehands, But two unusual faults from the Briton in the fourth set turned the tide in favour of Nadal who pounced on the opportunity to get ahead. Nadal now faces Mackenzie Mcdonald who beat fellow American Brandon Nakashima in gruelling five set epic 7-6, 7-6, 1-6, 7-6 6-4. Read Also: Top seed Swiatek survives tough opening test at Australian Open Speaking after the game, Nadal conceded that it was not a perfect game but the most important thing was winning. “Super-happy to be back here in Australia one more time. It’s like the 19th season in the professional tour so very excited about this new beginning,” Nadal said after the 3hrs 41mins test in blistering heat on Rod Laver Arena. “I needed a victory, so that’s the main thing. Doesn’t matter the way. The most important thing today is a victory against a tough opponent. “We knew it was not going to be perfect… it was not perfect. “(But) I think I did things well. So satisfied with the victory because that gives me the chance to play again.”  By Adegboyega Adeleye Rafael Nadal is set to begin his Australian Open title defense as he faces British rising star, Jack Draper in the opening round. The Spanish superstar is in a bid to retain his 2022 crown and extend his grand slam tally. If Nadal defeats world No. 40… In "Sports" Briton Jack Draper has emerged the Lagos Open Futures 5 men’s singles champion, beating French top seed, Tom Johnby in three sets 1-6, 6-3, 6-4 at the Lagos Lawn Tennis Court, Onikan. In "Sports" Novak Djokovic was drawn Thursday to play Spain's Roberto Carballes Baena on his return to the Australian Open and could meet Nick Kyrgios in the last eight. The Serbian star, who was deported a year ago, will kickstart his bid for a 10th Melbourne title and a record-equalling 22nd Grand… In "News"