By Peter EgwuatuAnalysts have projected that the Nigeria equities market would witness mixed sentiment and portfolio rebalancing. The development follows the divergence in fixed income rates and adjustment of the Monetary Policy Rate, MPR, last week to 17.50%. It is also coming at the backdrop of the 2022 fourth quarter (Q4’22) earnings expectations and election uncertainties. Analysis of equities performance showed that mixed sentiments dominated trading activities on the bourse as bargain buying in Geregu Power Plant led to its 15.3% gain amid profit-taking activities in MTN which lost 2.1%. The Nigerian Exchange Limited, NGX  All-Share Index close at  52,638.93 points. Consequently, the Year-to-Date, YtD gain settled at 2.7%. Sectoral performance was broadly positive as the Oil & Gas  gained 1.7%, Banking 1.6%, and Insurance 0.8%. Meanwhile, the Consumer Goods Index declined by 1.1%. Meanwhile in its reaction to market outlook, analysts at Cordros Research stated: “In the subsequent weeks, we expect the NGX to be flooded with corporate earnings as more companies publish audited 2022  numbers, which will be accompanied by dividend declarations. ‘‘We believe this should provide a catalyst for buying activities even as risk-averse investors are likely to remain cautious due to medium-term expectations of an uptick in Fixed Income, FI yields. ‘‘Overall, we advise investors to seek trading opportunities in only fundamentally justified stocks as the weak macro story remains a significant headwind for corporate earnings.” Similarly, analysts at Cowry Asset Research said: “Equity trading last week started on a downside with mixed signals from technical indicators as investors reactions to full-year corporate earnings stood loud despite the excess liquidity in the fixed income space as exposed by the oversubscriptions recorded across tenor gauges of the Nigerian Treasury Bills on offers. “Looking ahead into the new week, we expect mixed sentiment and portfolio rebalancing in the midst of divergence in fixed income rates and policy rate adjustment to 17.50%, in the face of Q4 earnings expectations and election uncertainties.”   Buying interest lift index 0.73 % By Peter Egwuatu Portfolio rebalancing by investors trailed the equities market last week as buying interest in Banking and Consumer Goods stocks lift the All Share Index above the 50,000 psychological mark, advancing by 0.73 % to close at 50,045.83 points from 49,682.15 per… In "Vanguard Money Digest" As the stock market and economy continued to move in opposite directions, investors seem to be repositioning their portfolios on the back of the low price attractions leading to upward trend in the market last week. In "Business" ‘CBN’s tight monetary policy will be insignificant in taming inflationary pressure’ In "News"