By Biodun Busari Megrim Berisha’s strike in 82 minutes was all that Augsburg needed to run away with three points against Borussia Mönchengladbach at the WWK Arena on Wednesday. Berisha replaced the injured Ruben Vargas up front to partner new signing Dion Beljo and it paid off as they beat Mönchengladbach 1-0. Augsburg’s first home game of 2023 was a lot less exciting than Sunday’s end-to-end game at Dortmund. Read also: Barcelona vs Real Sociedad: Battle for Copa del Rey last four According to FCA, yesterday’s match was a bit exhilarating with flashes of individual sterling performances. The visitors took until the 19th minute for their first notable attack when Stefan Lainer’s shot went wide. Augsburg started the second half radiantly and saw Arne Maier flash a shot just wide in 52 minutes. A minute later, Omlin tipped a hit from Berisha over the bar. But, the breakthrough came for the hosts when Kelvin Yeboah received a long ball from Ame Engels and then put a cross into the center of the box. That picked out Berisha and he sensationally flicked it into the back of the net in 8 minutes to the end of the match. Augsburg are 14th on the table of the Bundesliga having secured only 18 points in 17 games.  Erling Haaland will miss Norway’s upcoming World Cup qualifiers through injury as he ‘can’t even walk’. The 21-year-old is said to be suffering from muscular problems and has missed Borussia Dortmund’s last three games. Norway were hopeful he could return for them in their games against Turkey and Montenegro, but… In "Sports" The expectations on Erling Haaland at Borussia Dortmund are higher than they ever were for Robert Lewandowski when he joined the club, according to former BVB captain Sebastian Kehl. Haaland made an electric start to his Dortmund career after signing from Salzburg in January, scoring 16 goals in 18 appearances in all… In "Sports" Leicester City’s new signing Kelechi Iheanacho was substituted by boss Craig Shakespeare during their friendly against Borussia Monchengladbach. In "Sports"