By Kingsley Omonobi, Abuja The Governor of Kaduna State, Mallam Nasir El-Rufai has commended the gallant performance of the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) in restoration of relative peace in the State. El- Rufai gave the commendation on Friday, 6 January 2023 when he paid a courtesy visit to the Chief of the Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Oladayo Amao in his office at Headquarters NAF, Abuja. A statement by the new Director of NAF Public Relations and Information, Air Commodore Wapkerem Maigida quoted the governor expressing the gratitude of the people of Kaduna State to the CAS for improved security situation in the State, disclosed that in the last 3 months. El-Rufai said, “There has been a significant improvement in the security situation in the State, as several terrorists’ commanders have been neutralized by the NAF while the remnants have relocated from the State. “On behalf of the Government and people of Kaduna State, I came to thank the Chief of the Air Staff, Branch Chiefs, Air Officers Commanding, officers and men of the Nigerian Air Force for the excellent work done and still being done in Kaduna State. “The security situation in our State and environs has improved drastically. Please keep up the excellent work”.. Responding, the CAS, Air Marshal Amao thanked the Governor for the visit as well as the support and cooperation the NAF has been receiving from the Government and people of Kaduna State in tackling the security challenges in the entire North West region. Amao further stated that the NAF would continue to do its best to make the Country safe and secured in line with its constitutional responsibilities. “ We will continue to do our best until entire country is safe. We have professional and experienced operational Commanders overseeing various operations across the country,” the CAS stressed. The Air Chief revealed that the numerous successes the NAF has recorded so far in the fight against insurgency and terrorism would not have been possible without the overwhelming support of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, President Muhammadu Buhari who has been providing the needed resources. Meanwhile, the newly appointed Director of Public Relations and Information (DOPRI) of the NAF, Air Commodore Wapkerem Maigida on assumption of duty has promised to promote the core values of the NAF and project the Chief of Air Staff (CAS) vision.  The Governor of Kaduna State, Malam Nasir Ahmad El-Rufai has commended the Nigerian Air Force for the deployment its Special Forces to the Southern Kaduna area of the state. In "News" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has neutralised bandits congregating to carry out attacks in Birnin Gwari Local Government Area (LGA) of Kaduna State. Mr Samuel Aruwan, the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, made the disclosure in a statement issued on Tuesday in Kaduna. “The Nigerian Air Force,… In "News" The Nigerian Air Force (NAF), has concluded arrangement to acquire 10 super mesh training aircraft from Pakistan Air Force to boost the country's security. The Chief of Air Staff (CAS), Air Marshal Sadiq Abubakar, made the disclosure on Saturday at the graduation of Student Pilot Course (SPC) 41B in Kaduna.… In "News"