.One narrowly survives By Olasunkanmi Akoni Tragedy struck at Ojuelegba, Surulere Local Government Area on Sunday when a container-laden truck fell on a commercial minibus, popularly called “Korope”, killing seven occupants in the process. Fortunately, a passenger, an adult female was rescued alive and rushed to a nearby hospital for treatment. According to the witness, the accident which happened about 12 noon, at Ojuelegba, inward Fadeyi, led to traffic gridlock along the axis as emergency responders battled to put the situation under control. At the scene of the accident, members of the Lagos State Emergency Management Agency, LASEMA, police, Lagos Fire and Rescue Service, and other rescue responders were on the ground to salvage and remove the wreckage from the road. According to Permanent Secretary, LASEMA, Dr. Femi Oke-Osanyitolu, who confirmed the incident, said normalcy has been restored in the axis. Giving the situation report, Oke-Osanyitolu said, “Upon arrival at the scene, a truck conveying a 20ft container was found to have landed on top of a commercial bus. “Further investigations revealed that the bus was picking up passengers when the truck lost control and fell over the side of the bridge. “After suspending the container load with the aid of the Agency’s forklift and cutting off the top of the bus with light rescue equipment, a single adult woman was extricated alive and taken to the trauma centre. Final casualty count is 9 fatalities comprising: four adult males, their adult females, a boy child and a girl child, while one adult female was rescued alive. “The Agency’s heavy-duty Goliath and teams from Onipan and Cappa are on the ground. The Agency’s Ambulance, LASG FIRE, FED FIRE, LASTMA and Nigeria Police have been working on this situation which is now concluded. “Further investigation to be carried out by the Nigeria Police on the removal of the barriers on the bridge aimed at preventing trucks from ascending.”  Two persons died when a truck loaded with boards and plywood tilted on the Ojuelegba Bridge, Surulere, Lagos State late on Tuesday evening. Two other persons were also injured, according to an update provided by the General Manager, Lagos State Emergency Management Agency (LASEMA), Mr Adesina Tiamiyu. In "News" Residents of Ojuelegba, Lagos have been lamenting the loss of lives and property caused by container-laden trucks falling from the bridge next to the one in front of the National Stadium, Surulere. In "Metro" FOLLOWING the death of three persons, when a trailer fell off Ojuelegba bridge last Wednesday, Lagos residents have called on the relevant authorities to regulate the movement of heavy duty trucks in Lagos State, saying the incident was one too many. In "News"