By Biodun Busari The Iranian government has sentenced the country’s footballer Amir Nasr-Azadani to 26 years in prison for his involvement during protests rocking the nation. Mirror reported that Nasr-Azadani was guilty of “partaking in enmity against God” in the action that led to the death of security agents during the demonstrations. Hundreds of protestors have died in Tehran, the country’s capital and other cities following the death in morality police custody of Mahsa Amini two months ago. Read also: Iran sentences three more people to death over nationwide protests Iran hangs two more men in connection with nationwide protests IBB leaves for medical checkup in Germany The 22-year-old woman died in police custody after being arrested for not wearing her hijab correctly. Saman Ghoddos, the only Iranian in the Premier League, recently told Mirror Football this month that it was right for players to speak up in support of those who are calling for change – regardless of potential repercussions. The Islamic republic said Nasr-Azadani was involved in two other crimes committed during the protests. Reports from Iran suggest the footballer’s confession was coerced amid concerns that members of his family were forced to stay silent. The footballer, however, has the liberty to appeal the judgment at the Supreme Court. The Middle Eastern Arab nation also sentenced three more protesters to death after convicting them of killing security agents in the protests that began on September 17, 2022.  The world union of professional footballers FIFPRO said it was "shocked and sickened" by the risk of Iranian footballer Amir Nasr-Azadani being sentenced to death in connection with protests which have shaken the country for three months. Nasr-Azadani was arrested in the city of Isfahan two days after allegedly taking… In "Sports" NFF President Aminu Maigari is expected at the head of the Nigerian delegation to Dubai, UAE, for Thursday’s international friendly against Egypt that is managed by former USA Coach, Bob Bradley. In "Sports" THE Alumni Association of Federal University of Technology, Minna is taking a giant leap forward by organizing our National Alumni and Stakeholders Retreat event tagged as NASR 2017 from Friday, September 29 to Sunday, October 1, 2017, at both the Bosso and Gidan Kwano Campuses of the University, in Minna,… In "News"