Cristiano Ronaldo and UFC heavyweight champion, Francis Ngannou have shared a jocular face-off as the two sportsmen met in Saudi Arabia on Saturday. The five-time Ballon d’Or winner and former UFC heavyweight champion linked up for an improbable face-off which ultimately saw CR7 withdraw. The pair squared up to one another in a funny video, though Ronaldo quickly decided to de-escalate the situation. He burst out laughing and decided to hug Ngannou ultimately, rather than fight him. Ronaldo now plies his trade with Al-Nassr having recently left Manchester United, by mutually agreeing to terminate his contract. Though he is yet to make his debut for his new wide, his first appearance in Saudi Arabia came in an exhibition match against Lionel Messi’s PSG in a Riyadh All-Star XI. Ngannou, on the other hand, is currently a fighting free agent. The former UFC king was stripped of his belt this week as the company accepted he was out of contract and moving on from their relationship While on his travels, he decided to link up with Ronaldo this weekend. Great talking with the 🐐 in Riyadh today. Very inspirational! @Cristiano pic.twitter.com/aaMXmc1GUB  .....Brock Lesnar to renew Cain Velasquez feud Tyson Fury will be back in the ring this month, but rather than it being the latest step in his bid for heavyweight supremacy, it will be to settle a score with WWE superstar Braun Strowman. Fury will face Strowman at pay-per-view event,… In "Sports" Al Nassr's surprise capture of football superstar Cristiano Ronaldo is the latest in a string of high-profile sports acquisitions by oil-rich Saudi Arabia. The conservative Gulf monarchy, often criticised over its human rights record, is attempting to burnish its image and attract foreign interest as it diversifies its economy away… In "Sports" Ronaldo Cristiano Ronaldo on Friday signed for Al Nassr of Saudi Arabia, the club announced, in a deal believed to be worth more than 200 million euros. The 37-year-old penned a contract which will take him to June 2025. "I can't wait to discover a new football league in a… In "Sports"