By Biodun Busari  Eight Argentine rugby players from a small provincial club in Zarate went on trial on Monday for allegedly beating a teenager to death three years ago.  The brutal murder took place outside a nightclub when they attacked an 18-year-old Fernando Baez from behind and beat him to death on the ground, according to AFP.  Argentine authorities said images of the attack were caught on surveillance cameras and by the phone of one of the defendants. Read also: We’ll ask every country to name stadium after Pele – FIFA The eight defendants, aged between 21 and 23, risk life in prison if convicted. They have been in pre-trial detention since the attack. According to the report, an argument ensued between two groups of people inside a nightclub in the popular seaside resort of Villa Gesell on January 18, 2020.  And the eight defendants allegedly attacked Baez, after they had been ejected by door staff. “(They) continued to strike him even when he was practically unconscious, causing injuries that resulted in death,” said prosecutor Juan Manuel Davilia at the court in Dolores, some 200km south of Buenos Aires. “They took the decision to kill and they killed,” said Baez family’s lawyer Fernando Burlando. Some 150 witnesses have been called to trial, which is expected to last three weeks. The assailants were alleged by witnesses to have shouted racist insults at the victim as they struck him.  Mallorca teenager Luka Romero said he was bothered by comparisons to Barcelona star Lionel Messi. Romero, 15, became the youngest player to feature in LaLiga when he came off the bench against Real Madrid last month. The Argentina youth international has been compared to Messi, but the attacker said that… In "Sports" Pope Francis remembers soccer legend and fellow Argentine Diego Maradona with affection and is keeping him in his prayers, the Vatican said on Wednesday. In "News" Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero has warned more Argentina players could follow Lionel Messi into international retirement after the Barcelona superstar's shock exit. In "News"