Asiya Ganduje, a daughter of Kano State Governor, on Thursday, before an Upper Shari’a Court insisted on returning the N50,000 dowry paid by her husband, Inuwa Uba, to end their 16-year-old marriage. The plaintiff was in court seeking the dissolution of her marriage through Islamic means (Khul’i) as she claims to be tired and fed up with Inuwa. At the resumed sitting, the Plaintiff’s Counsel, Ibrahim Aliyu-Nassarawa, told the court that his client insists on returning the N50,000 bride price received from her husband in exchange for a divorce. “Every woman who is living under strange conditions has a right under Islamic law to approach the court and seek for her marriage to be dissolved with the condition to return the dowry. “My client is ready to return the N50,000 bride price received from her husband in exchange for a divorce.” Aliyu-Nassarawa said his client is not willing to relinquish her rights and will not abide by the conditions set by the respondent. “The conditions are the subject matter of dispute that should be subjected to another suit before another court.” Earlier, Counsel to the respondent, Mr Umar I. Umar, said the issue is beyond the payment of the N50,000 dowry. “My client has two conditions regarding some of his belongings, before coming to the issue of divorce. “The respondent has four kids with the plaintiff, but all efforts to reconcile them proved abortive. “The plaintiff should return all his credentials, house certificates, cars and relinquish her rights in their joint rice company.” The presiding judge, Malam Halliru Abdullahi, after listening to the submission of both parties, adjourned the matter until Feb. 2 for judgement. NAN reports that the court had on Jan. 12, dismissed the preliminary objection filed by counsel to the respondent, challenging the jurisdiction of the court to hear the case.  The dissolution of marriage suit instituted by the daughter of Kano State Governor, Abdullahi Umar Ganduje, Asiya, seeking a Shariah Court sitting in the state to dissolve her 16-year-old marriage, on Thursday, suffered hitches as her husband, Inuwa Uba, filed a motion challenging the jurisdiction of the court. In "News" Intra cultural marriage between the Fulanis and the Yorubas in Kano weekend thrown up an engaging drama between Governor Isiaka Ajimobi, and his Governor in-law Abdullahi Umar Ganduje over the amount set as dowry. In "Just Human" A Kaduna Sharia Court on Wednesday dissolved the marriage between one Maryam Ahmed and Sanusi Idris of Maje Village in the Igabi Local Government Area of Kaduna State, after barely 30 days of the marriage. In "News"