Prof. Wahab Egbewole, SAN, Vice Chancellor, University of Ilorin, has assigned 500 user accounts of 300-capacity zoom licences to various faculties and departments for the immediate commencement of virtual classes. A statement issued on Monday by Unilorin Spokesman, Kunle Akogun, stated that the virtual classes would run simultaneously with physical classes. The statement pointed out that “about 500 user accounts of 300 capacity zoom licences have been assigned to faculties and departments for effective virtual delivery of lectures” . He said: “We have also developed virtual class schedule for courses with class sizes of about 1000, 3000, and 5000 students, using the large capacity zoom licences. “Physical delivery of lectures/practical sessions in classrooms/laboratories is very important and should be consciously sustained”. According to him, in the wake of the transportation challenges facing the students and staff of the university, the management rolled out several measures to mitigate the effect of the unfortunate situation on the students in particular. “These included the directive to the Time-Table and Room Usages Committee to adjust lecture time-table to make it more flexible. “The management also renewed the university’s zoom licences to activate the virtual lecture option,” he said.   The management of the University of Ilorin, on Thursday, stated that the institution will resume full academic session on Jan. 11, 2021. The announcement was contained in a statement signed by Mr Kunle Akogun, Director, Corporate Affairs of the University, and made available to the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN)… In "News" The University of Ilorin (UNILORIN) is set to commence the offering of new courses, even as the Vice Chancellor, Prof. AbdulGaniyu Ambali, has assured that all classrooms in the varsity will soon be equipped with the latest smart boards in line with global best practices towards effective teaching. In "Education" Godfrey Okoye University has gone beyond the zoom technology in teaching and learning and developed its own online learning platform with an incredibly robust virtual classroom. In "Sponsored"