By Biodun Busari The President of the United States Joe Biden has ruled out sending F-16 fighter jets to Ukraine in its war against Russia. Biden made this known at the White House on Monday when reporters asked about the probability of sending warplanes to the war-beleaguered country.   The resolve was reached despite Russia stepping up its attacks to try and break Kyiv’s tenacity, according to New York Post on Tuesday. Read also: Germany, last week, promised to send Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine and the US followed suit to send American-built Abrams tanks. But, German Chancellor, Olaf Scholz said the West will not allow NATO to be dragged into a war with Russia. He also said warplanes will not be deployed to Ukraine. Defending Biden’s stance, John Kirby, US national security council coordinator for strategic communications, said Washington was already providing billions of dollars worth of weapons to Ukraine. “What I can tell you is that there’s a lot of capability that is being sent, and will be sent in the coming weeks and months,” Kirby said. “The kinds of capabilities that we know will be critical to helping Ukrainians again in the fighting now in the wintertime, as well as the kind of fighting that we expect that they’re going to be doing in the spring.”  The Pentagon is moving up to eight F-35 fighter jets and a slew of other warplanes to Eastern Europe, the Baltics and Poland to shore up support for NATO allies following what President Biden called the beginning of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. In "Foreign" Olaf Scholz By Biodun Busari German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has said that the war between Russia and Ukraine will not escalate to involve the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation (NATO). Scholz also revealed on Sunday that Germany will not send fighter jets to Ukraine as Kyiv called on the West for… In "Metro" By Biodun Busari The United States will send 31 Abrams tanks to Ukraine – a major boost after Germany promised to deploy Leopard 2 tanks for the country to further restrict Russia’s aggression and invasion. US President Joe Biden made the announcement on Thursday as a reversal of initial disclosure… In "Metro"