Aston Villa on Saturday ensured that Southampton remain grounded at the bottom of the Premier League table with a narrow 1-0 win over the Saints at St. Mary’s. Ollie Watkins’ second-half header was the difference between both sides at the end of ninety minutes despite Southampton’s valiant performance. The win was Villa’s fifth victory in seven league games under new manager Unai Emery. Southampton had in the first half had a goal disqualified when Che Adams’ close range effort was ruled out for offside. Saints had the ball in the Villa net again shortly after the hour mark, but James Ward-Prowse’s deflected strike was chalked off following Mohamed Elyounoussi’s foul on Jacob Ramsey in the build-up. Read Also West Ham beat Everton to pile pressure on Lampard Lacklustre Chelsea, Liverpool settle for goalless draw at Anfield Watkins’ fifth goal of the season ultimately proved decisive, as Saints’ three-game winning run in all competitions came to an abrupt end. The game at St Mary’s was suspended five minutes before half-time when a drone was spotted hovering above the Southampton penalty area. Both teams were taken off the pitch by referee Michael Salisbury before re-emerging 10 minutes later once police had given the all-clear.  By Emmanuel Okogba Liverpool and Jurgen Klopp are accessing the fitness of Mohamed Salah Virgil Van Dijk to ascertain their chances of featuring in Tuesday's must-win Premier League tie away to Southampton. Salah and Van Dijk were both substituted earlier than usual in their FA Cup victory over Chelsea last… In "Sports" Arsenal stopped Aston Villa going top of the Premier League with a 3-0 win on Saturday. Villa had conceded just one league goal in their previous four league matches but all that changed as Arsenal fired in three inside four minutes at Villa Park. In "Sports" Victor Moses' West Ham will seek a double against Manchester City while Liverpool will aim for victory against Norwich. Manchester United will need a win against Southampton to keep the hope of a top four finish alive. In "News"