By Ada Osadebe  Nollywood veteran, Patience Ozokwo has revealed why she wouldn’t advise divorce in marriages, but separation instead. The 64-year-old made this known in a recent interview on Mercy Johnson’s weekly cook show, ‘Mercy’s Menu’. She said: “God is not against separation. What God doesn’t want is divorce. Read Also: Why I didn’t remarry — Patience Ozokwo “God is not saying we should not divorce because sometimes he does not know that we have violated. No. “Coming from a Christian background, we are not allowed to divorce. “If you pray and the man turns around to become something else, escape for dear life because it is only those who are alive that can tell the story. When you are dead, nobody can tell.” Patience further spoke about infidelity, saying “she was not going to leave her marriage for anyone”. She said, “Me, I’m not going to leave my house for anybody, you are the visitor that came in. Find your way out. “I will hold my family, polish it, sweep out all the debts, and then have a peaceful home again.”  By Ada Osadebe Nollywood actress, Patience Ozokwo, has revealed why she will never leave her marriage over infidelity. The actress made this known during a recent interview on Mercy Johnson's weekly cook show, 'Mercy’s Menu'. Mercy asked her what was her opinion on infidelity, she replied saying, "She was not… In "Entertainment" Patience Ozokwo AKA ‘Mama G’, and her children in a Christmas photo. Source: patienceozokwo/Instagram By Ada Osadebe Nollywood ace actress, Patience Ozokwo, has revealed why she did not remarry, after the death of her husband years ago. The actress made the revelation on Thursday during her chat on Mercy Johnson's… In "Entertainment" By Chinedu Adonu Powell Homes & Shelters Limited, has taken its campaign of providing affordable homes for Nigerians a notch higher with the unveiling of top Nollywood Celebrity, Mrs. Patience Ozokwo as its New Brand Ambassador. The unveiling ceremony took place in Enugu at the inauguration of the company's maiden… In "News"