By Ada Osadebe Former BBNaija housemate, Abiri Oluwabusayo, also known as Khloe on Tuesday blasted  On-Air Personality (OAP),  Nedu over his recent sexism toward BBNaija female housemates. Recall Vanguard had earlier reported that Nedu, in an interview with Big Brother Naija “Level Up” housemate Doyin asserted that many ladies get on the BBNaija reality TV show to sell “Kpekus” (Nigerian slang for female sex organ). Reacting to the allegation, Khloe in an Instagram comment on Angel’s page (another female ex-housemate), said Nedu’s outburst justifies why his ex-wife allegedly committed paternity fraud by having an extramarital affair while urging him to heal from the trauma. She said, “Angel leave that short thing !!! It’s not our fault his wife gave him a B*stard, now I don’t blame the woman cos who wants to have a child for a d*mb childish usel*ss lying ass talkative man … now, every woman living good is hawking pussy. “They don’t even see the pain and the struggle and some online peeps too will support rubbish’ forgetting that they are women and want to succeed in life. Very senseless mentality. “What any woman chooses to do to make ends meet, is no one business in as much as she did not steal from you or kill anyone. TF. “That’s how he came to lie about the hotel room, but dumb people can’t even put 1 and 1 together to know that shit was framed up just to talk. ” I know someone like him, lie for no reason !!! Cook something up on the spot. So you enter the room and stand to watch who and who was fucking your friend and you came out to say it? Lmao . ” Na Mumu people wey like gossip and dumb like you will be deceived. Heal from your heartbreak and leave women alone, we didn’t ask you to marry a cheating wife. Get the F short devil. All you do is speak ill of women.”  On Air Personality, Chinedu Emmanuel, popularly known as Nedu has a way of staying in the news — this time, he revelaed that many ladies get on BBNaija reality TV show only to sell 'Kpekus' In "Entertainment" Ex-BBNaija housemate, Leo Dasilva has linked the several fights in the ongoing reality TV show (season 7 edition) to sexual tensions among housemates. Leo made the assertion on the 4th episode of BBNaija S7: The Buzz, where himself and On Air Personalities, Nedu, Taymi B joined the host of the… In "Entertainment" Netizens have reacted to ex-BBNaija housemate, Doyin's response to the claims made by On-air-personality, Nedu that female housemates in the BBNaija show are only there to offer sex. According to Nedu, many female housemates rush to the BBNaija show because they are hungry and see it as an avenue to… In "Entertainment"