…says we’ve no hand in alleged endorsement rumour John Alechenu, Abuja  The Obi-Datti Presidential Campaign Organisation has denied involvement in what it described as wicked rumours by mischief makers purporting that His Eminence, the Sultan of Sokoto has endorsed the Labour Party Presidential Candidate Peter Obi.  This was contained in  a statement signed by the Media Head of the Campaign Office, Diran Onifade, in Abuja, on Saturday.  He said, “We have no hand in the wicked rumour of a purported  endorsement of our Presidential Candidate by His Eminence, the Sultan of Sokoto, Alhaji Muhamadu Sa’ad Abubakar, CFR. “We are deeply in sympathy with the Sultan, who has been dragged into partisan politics by unscrupulous and morally bankrupt political operatives seeking power at all cost, including by disrespecting the religious symbolism of the the sacred office of the Sultan.  “We make haste to categorically state that  there is no trace of the offensive statement to the Obi-Datti Campaign.  “We are aware that the claim, of the Sultan endorsing Peter Obi as President, was deliberately contrived to force the Sultan to denounce it, by using unusually strong words.  “We believe that such fraudulent scams and pranks speak  volumes on the character of those who employ them as acceptable political strategy, regardless of the grave danger of creating political divides along religious lines it portends.  “ Nigerians are alert and have taken note of the fact that dubious individuals with a shady crime tainted past, are dangerous; and should never be voted to occupy the Office of the President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, an Office that represents our collective moral stature to the world.”  The Labour Party, LP Campaign has alleged grounding of the plane of its supporters ahead of the party’s presidential rally in Ibadan, the Oyo state capital. The party made this allegation, in a statement issued by the Head of Media, Obi-Datti Campaign, Diran Onifade.  Read also: Obi-Datti alleges plot to sabotage… In "News" “What our great leader Chief Edwin K. Clark said is consistent with the growing confidence among statesmen as well as the generality of Nigerians that we have a golden opportunity to save Nigeria and set it on the path of growth. In "News" The Presidential Campaign Council of the Labour Party has welcomed the endorsement of its candidate, Peter Obi and his running mate, Yusuf Datti Baba -Ahmed, by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. In "News"