By Biodun Busari Supporters of former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro who have refused to accept his election defeat stormed Congress, the Supreme Court and the presidential palace at the country’s capital on Sunday. The demonstrators embarked on the protest a week after the inauguration of his leftist rival and former leader, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. Thousands of demonstrators bypassed security barricades, climbed on roofs, broke windows and invaded all three buildings, which were believed to be largely vacant on the weekend, CBS reports. Read also: Lula returns for third term as Brazil president Some of the demonstrators called for a military intervention to either restore the far-right Bolsonaro to power or oust Lula from the presidency. According to the report, hours went by before control of the buildings on Brasilia’s massive Three Powers Square was reestablished, with hundreds of the participants arrested. In a news conference from Sao Paulo state, Lula accused Bolsonaro of encouraging the revolt by those he termed “fascist fanatics,” and he read a freshly signed decree for the federal government to take control of security in the federal district. “There is no precedent for what they did and these people need to be punished,” Lula said. Videos showed protesters roaming the presidential palace, many wearing the green and yellow colours of the national flag that also has come to symbolise the nation’s conservative movement, coopted by Bolsonaro.  Supporters of Brazilian former President Jair Bolsonaro clash with the police during a demonstration outside the Planalto Palace in Brasilia on January 8, 2023. - Brazilian police used tear gas Sunday to repel hundreds of supporters of far-right ex-president Jair Bolsonaro after they stormed onto Congress grounds one week after… In "Foreign" Ayuba Wabba By Victor Ahiuma-Young Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has sent a message of solidarity to former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva of Brazil on his acquittal and vindication of innocence by the highest human rights adjudicatory body in the world – the United Nations Human Rights Committee UNHRC,… In "News" Luiz 'Lula' da Silva, Jair Bolsonaro By Biodun Busari Former Brazilian president Luiz ‘Lula’ da Silva, has staged a comeback following his triumph over the incumbent leader Jair Bolsonaro in the country’s presidential elections. In the ferociously contested election, the former two-term president polled 50.9 per cent of the votes… In "Metro"