By Ada Osadebe Nigerian singer and former Plantainshun Boyz singer, Blackface, has called out Afropop singer Asake and his label boss, Olamide for not reaching out to him over the usage of his work. Recall Asake released a new single he calls ‘Yoga’ on Monday. In an interview with HipTV, Blackface claimed that he felt he should have been in the song as some of his lines were used in the song ‘Joha’. Read Also: According to him, Joha should have been a remix with him and Asake. Blackface further stated that if only Olamide had reached out to him, then there would have been a collaboration. He said, “Listening to the music, the first thing that hit me was just the line. That was the line that I used in my own music. I had already released it in the year, 2020. I had already released that song in an album. “Though no disrespect because these people have tried to put some work in it, but I feel like it’s all about you realising let’s give credit to who credit his due. You understand. I am not out to put them down. I feel like they are doing it unconsciously.” He added, “I feel I should be on Asake’s Joha. That should have been a remix with me and him if Olamide had said ‘my boy is vibing to your sound’”.  Asake By Adegboyega Adeleye Rave of the moment, Asake has released the official video of his hit song 'Joha' which was directed by creative director/cinematographer, TG Omori. The colorful and spicy video features a dance performance as well as radiant visuals using beautiful colours such as yellow, black, white, and… In "Entertainment" Ayra Starr By Adegboyega Adeleye Afrobeats superstar singer, Ayra Starr set a new record by becoming the first female Nigerian musician to have multiple No. 1 songs in Nigeria with her smash hit single, ‘Rush’. “Rush” at No. 1 released under Mavin Records also ends a 26-week streak of EMPIRE… In "Entertainment" Asake By Adegboyega Adeleye Rave of the moment, Asake made history on this week's Top 10 Charts by becoming the first artiste to land eight entries in the top ten in a week on any of the aggregate charts in the country as his hit single ‘Terminator’ returns to No.1… In "Entertainment"