Ex-Villareal forward Arnaut Danjuma has signed for Tottenham Hotspur after almost completing his transfer to Everton on loan. The player was announced on Wednesday as a Spurs center-forward. Read also: Managerial Timeline: What’s next for Frank Lampard? Danjuma had completed his medicals already for Merseyside Blue last weekend before Spurs made an agreement with Villareal. The Blues were in desperate need to sign the 25-year-old as they are currently flirting with relegation and without a coach. According to reports, Frank Lampard had been the main factor for Arnaut to join Everton, but following the sacking of Lampard on Monday. But, Tottenham had it easy to hijack the deal. Danjuma still had the belief he could save Everton from Relegation into the English second division for the first time since the 1950-51 season. The season of hijacking is in the air as Chelsea stole Mudryk from Arsenal and The gunners swiped Leandro Trossard from Spurs, now Tottenham has transferred aggression to Everton. Everton have been left blazing hot after they were so close to sealing the deal.   Arnault Danjuma By Biodun Busari English Premier League club, Tottenham are planning to make a late move for Villareal forward, Arnault Danjuma before the end of the January transfer window. Danjuma had been set to join Everton on loan from Villarreal on Tuesday as sacked coach Frank Lampard played a… In "News" Europa League kings Villarreal have announced the signing of Arnaut Danjuma from the English Championship side Bournemouth. After two seasons at Dean Court, the 24-year-old winger joins the Yellow Submarine on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee. With this move, Danjuma – who is eligible to represent Nigeria at… In "Sports" By Emmanuel Okogba Tottenham Hotspur have confirmed the signing of Brazilian forward, Richarlison for Everton for a fee of  £60m.  Richarlison completed a medical in Brazil and is expected to fly to London next week to join up with his new teammates ahead of preparations for the new season.  Tottenham offered… In "Sports"