Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, LP, Peter Obi has expressed confidence in Nigerians, saying with their support, victory is certain for his party in the 2023 presidential election. Obi made this assertion in a New Year message he delivered on Sunday. He said, “I send my warmest greetings to you. As we celebrate the new year, I pray that you achieve the goals you have set for the year,  build fruitful relationships, and create memories of joy, love and peace.  “Today, I hope you take some time to slow down and celebrate the little victories, the love, grace and the many blessings you have received and given in the previous year. Despite our challenges as a Nation, you crossed over and are still standing.  “To our Support Groups, Labour Party Members, Labour Union members and Nigerians who have continued to support our campaign, thank you for joining the Obidient Movement and for everything you’ve done and will do to help our campaign,” he said. The Labour Party candidate further stated, “I have travelled around the country and the world and engaged with Nigerians; I boldly say that we are at a turning point in our history. Together we birthed a movement of Nigerians committed to taking back their country. In 2023, with your continued support, victory is ours.  “With the Presidential election just about 55 days from today, Datti Baba-Ahmed and I reiterate our determination to serve Nigeria with love, strength and faith, and diligently implement Our Pact With Nigeria ( Manifesto) from May 2023 to create a New Nigeria, a renewed nation bound in freedom, prosperity, peace and unity.  “While  Datti Baba-Ahmed and I are committed to lead, we need your support. We implore you to secure your PVC, come out with your family and friends on the 25th Febuary  and VOTE FOR YOUR FUTURE! VOTE LABOUR PARTY! VOTE PETER OBI/DATTI BABA-AHMED!” he said. Obi said, “Vote  for the character, competence and commitment that you can trust to Secure and Unite Nigeria, end poverty and hunger through agricultural revolution particularly in our Northern region and other productive revolutions in different regions of our dear country,  empower our children and youths through proper education and health and many others plans and targets  that we have.  “From my family, the Labour Party and members of the ObiDatti Campaign, we wish you and your family joy, peace, good health and happiness this year and future years to come. Happy New Year,” he added.   Peter Obi By Nwandugbom Kalu Congratulations to the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, family in Osun State in particular and Nigeria in general. Dancing to the victory steps of Governor-elect Adebola Adeleke is a much needed shot in the arm for a party that lost its way after a nomination process… In "Viewpoint" According to Farouk, with the momentum of the Obidients as Obi supporters are fondly called, the party is assured of victory. In "News" A support group for the Labour Party, LP, Presidential Candidate, Mr. Peter Obi, under the aegis of Peter Volunteer Council, PVC, yesterday told Nigerians that with quality candidates in Mr. Obi and Senator Baba-Ahmed, for LP, Nigerians will not longer labour in vain, and the era of Nigeria clueless leadership… In "News"