National asset protection company, Pipeline Infrastructure Nigeria Limited, PINL, has condemned attempts by some agents through their proxies to undermine its efforts in its areas of operations.  This is coming just as the people of IIelema Community in Asari Toru Local Government Area of River hailed the Company for showing exceptional capability in executing the job so far.  Addressing newsmen, Thursday, at Angiama Community in Southern Ijaw Local Government Area of Bayelsa State, a Community Guard with Pipeline Infrastructure Nigeria Limited, Prince Layefa Toikumoh A.K.A Three Lions of Niger Delta, explained that the media engagement was organized to set the records straight and correct the attendant mischief by detractors to sabotage its work. He noted that in partnership with the security agencies, PINL has identified flash points of illegal bunkerers and has closed most of such sites in Odua, Oworovor, Okoma, Karama, Kalakolu, Oruma, Otuega, Agbura, Agonbri, Ikiamagbene, Ikiayagbri, Obololo, Kpologbene, Egbema and other communities in Bayelsa, Rivers, Imo and Abia States. Prince Toikumoh, averred: “A core strategy of our modus operandi, is to meaningfully and constructively engage and work with critical stakeholders in communities in our areas of responsibility (AOR) to put an end to the grand theft of crude oil and other related products and as well curtail if not wipe out completely its attendant damage to our environment and ecology.” Some indigenes of Angiama Community, Southern Ijaw LGA, during the solidarity protest, yesterday, stated “It is a well-known fact that reactionary forces, will always pull up strategies to fight back, akin to corruption fighting back. We call on these persons to stop forthwith or be prepared to face the full weight of the law as enabled in our terms of engagement. “We are also calling on all critical stakeholders in our areas of operations, to partner with us to restore normalcy in this critical sector of our Nation’s economy. The Nation and especially the Niger Delta, cannot afford a continuation of criminality under any guise to continue, as our people are on the front line of the negative consequences of their nefarious activities.  “We are aware that there is a thriving ecosystem that gives lives to the activities of these oil thieves, we are by this press conference, sending out a final message for them to retrace their steps and seek sustainable livelihood, or else, as mandated by Mr. President, the law will have no mercy on them”. Some indigenes of Angiama Community, who staged solidarity protests during the media briefing, carried placards with inscriptions such as, “We support and endorse the work of pipeline infrastructure Nigeria Limited”, “Pipeline Infrastructure has done well to curtail oil theft and illegal bunkering in our area/communities” as well as “we support pipeline infrastructure in curbing illegal bunkering and protecting our environment and ecology”. In the same vein, the Chairman of Ilelema Council of Chiefs in Asari Toru Local Government Area of Rivers State, Alabo Kingsley S. Igbanibo, who spoke through Mr. Philip Okere, on Friday, January 20, during a press briefing, commended the Federal Government, through NNPCL, for awarding the Trans Niger Pipeline (TNP) to PINL, so as to end the menace of illegal bunkering, which had placed the communities in great danger. He also gave plaudits to the management of Pipeline Infrastructure Nigeria Limited (PINL) “for their robust community relations and engagement with respect to maintenance and security of Trans Niger Pipeline”, saying: “Over the years, we have worked with other organizations, but PINL has shown an exceptional capability in the management of the above-mentioned pipeline segment, that traverses our communities” Igbanibo, added: “With support of the communities, PINL has made history with steady progress being made in the process of recovering and stabilizing the hitherto abandoned Trans Niger Pipeline (TNP) in spite of the daunting security challenges and agitations in our communities in Niger Delta in general. “I wish to specifically express our profound appreciation to PINL in the following key areas: “The peace-building effort of PINL in complementing the efforts of government at various levels in Rivers State as well as the host communities in particular through meaningful engagement of a considerable chunk of unemployed youths in the surveillance of the pipeline and regular clearing of the pipeline right of way in the communities.  “The excellent welfare package for the host community guards, including regular and prompt payment of monthly allowances and provision of PPES in compliance with HSE regulations in the oil and industry. “The trust and confidence built with the youths and elders of the host communities through transparency, open channels of communication, and the regular town hall meetings, thus giving us (the host community leaders, woman, and youth) a sense of belonging as well as making us advocates of the pipeline project”.  Top management staff of Pipeline surveillance company, Pipeline Infrastructure Nigeria Limited (PINL) weekend put smiles on the faces of thousands of affected flood victims in the various communities of Rivers, Bayelsa and Imo state as part of corporate social responsibility.  The Chief Executive Officer/Corporate Managing Director, Mr Osahon Okubo, who… In "News" The Niger Delta Youth Council, NYDC Worldwide, a Community Base Organisation (CBO) with a mandate to promote peace, environmental rights and justice in the Niger Delta region of Nigeria has felicitated with Nigerians for making it to this new year despite the numerous challenges that were encountered last year, especially… In "News" In a bid to effectively combat the growing scourge of pipeline sabotage that has impacted negatively on its operations, the Management of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has announced the renewal and extension of the pipeline protection contract to some of its host communities. In "Business"