The Nigeria Books of Record (NBR) Research Centre has appointed the General Overseer of Omega Power Ministries (OPM), Apostle Chibuzor Chinyere as a Fellow of the organisation. NBR was established in 2009 as part of the “Change Begin with Me Campaign” of the Federal Ministry of Information and Culture. The Director-General of the centre, Prof. David David conferred the honour during a church service at OPM headquarters in Port Harcourt on Sunday. David said that the decision to confer Chinyere as a fellow of the centre was taken in view of his selfless and humanitarian services to the poor and less privileged. “So, we decided to induct Apostle Chinyere a Fellow of NBR in recognition of his humanitarian assistance to thousands of Nigerians across all religious and ethnic divides. “Chinyere is among those who are bringing real change in Nigeria by his mission of giving hope to the poor, less privileged and downtrodden in the society. “The remarkable thing that impresses us about his humanitarian services is that these things are done from the offerings and tithes of members of the church,” he said. David said through the tithes and offerings that Chinyere built 22 state-of-the-art free nursery and primary schools being attended by more than 45,000 pupils in the country. “The pupils are provided with four pairs of uniforms, bags, books and other writing materials as well as fed daily in OPM’s free school feeding programme. “Chinyere built the first free school for children born with Autism and Down syndrome in the world as well as operates two free specialist hospitals in Port Harcourt and Abia state. “He has built 18 free estates that accommodate both the poor, repentant armed robbers, kidnappers, militants, and prostitutes, among others, as they undergo rehabilitation,” he said. David said aside from providing accommodation for them, Chinyere also feed, clothe and take care of their general upkeep. According to him, the preacher has given local and foreign scholarships to over 3,000 Nigerians in universities in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Turkey, Cyprus, Benin and the United Arab Emirates. “OPM also operates a free restaurant that feeds the poor and less privileged as well as built houses for widows and orphans. “Currently, the church operates the largest skills acquisition centre in Port Harcourt that has trained over 30,000 Nigerians in the last ten years on different vocational skills for free. “Recall that Chinyere in 2021 relocated late Deborah’s family to Port Harcourt, bought them a 15 mini flat estates, gave her parents a car, canteen and awarded scholarships to her siblings,” David said. Receiving the award, Apostle Chinyere expressed delight over the honour and reiterared his commitment to engage in more humanitarian services for the people. He said that he was motivated to embark on humanitarian works by his passion and commitment to follow the footstep of Jesus Christ – who loves the poor and the suffering. “We already have more humanitarian services in the pipeline that are designed to touch more lives in 2023. “One of the things we want to do is to establish a free university where children of the less privileged can go to school without paying a Kobo. “The things we are already doing and others in the pipeline will be run from the tithes and offerings of members of OPM,” he said  In an era when churches and their leaders have suffered attacks from the people because of their spending patterns which are seen to be an ostentatious aggrandizement to themselves without little or no spare of thought for their members and or society, one man has stood out in touching the… In "Viewpoint" Omega ministries to assist Libyan deportees with tithes, offerings – General Overseer In "News" The Omega Power Ministries (OPM) has reopened its farm located in Rivers for repentant militants going through reintegration process at the Church rehabilitation centre in Port Harcourt, Rivers. General Overseer of the church, Apostle Chibuzor Chinyere, stated that the farm produce would be used to feed the repentant militants and… In "News"