By Ada Osadebe Nollywood actress and a former BBNaija housemate, Bambam has spoken out about how her nanny sexually abused and raped her. The mother of two, made this known on Sunday in a video posted on her Instagram, where she revealed that the abuse happened between the ages of 2 to 8. She further claimed the experience had affected her in so many ways as she couldn’t confide in her parents because the nanny threatened her, adding that she was also raped a few times by men she dated in the past. Read also: 10 UNIZIK students allegedly raped by cultists She said, “I was abused by a Nanny as a child between the ages of 2-8. “She used my face to masturbate and forced me to suck her breast while at it. It has affected me in different ways. “I have also been raped a few times as a young girl. I wasn’t ready to have sex with some of the guys I dated in the past, so they forced themselves on me. “Look, sex must be consensual even in marriage. Sex must be consensual at all times. Don’t manipulate a mind into it, not to talk of a child. “Hurt and mentally sick people hurt other people. That nanny was clearly abused or possessed and felt it was okay to do all she did to me. We have sick people making laws to permit their sick orientations. “I know some vile mouths and sick-hearted people would say rubbish and make unrelated comments. “Some may spin this out of context, some may feel I should have been quiet, y’all are the major cause of the problem in this world, abused people are committing suicide and some are abusing other people. “I owe nobody any explanation, I’m doing my bit. If you care, let’s go. “For the ones with the fear of God, let’s come together and build a community to protect each other and our children from these predators. “Let’s do our bit to contribute to healing this dark world. Let’s do real kingdom work.”  BBNaija housemate, Bambam has won this week’s Head of House (HoH) challenge for the first time during her stay in the BBNaija house. In "Showtime People" Popular Bambam in the reality TV show was unexpectedly evicted from the Big Brother (Biggie) house on Saturday after the Legend night party. In "Entertainment" Ex-Big Brother Naija housemates, Teddy A and BamBam  Ex-Big Brother Naija Housemates, Tope Adenibuyan popularly known as Teddy A and Oluwabamike Olawunmi refered to as “BamBam”, have welcomed their second child. BamBam announced the arrival of their second child on her Instagram handle, “bammybestowed”, on Sunday. READ ALSO:I don’t engage… In "Entertainment"