By Biodun Busari Brazilian security forces on Monday detained over 1,500 people in connection with the invasion and rioting at Congress, Supreme Court and presidential palace at the country’s capital, Brasilia. The rioters, who were the supporters of far-right former president Jair Bolsonaro, in their thousands, stormed government buildings in the capital on Sunday. Thousands of demonstrators ransacked the Congress building and vandalised glasses and valuables at the presidential palace, and Supreme Court yesterday. Read also: Ex-Brazil’s President Bolsonaro’s supporters storm Congress, Supreme Court in protest ‘I’m going through pains’, Empress Njamah’s fiancé denies releasing nudes Jubilation in Edo as INEC recognises Orbih’s list A Supreme Court judge has ordered that camps outside the army’s headquarters in the capital and at other sites be dismantled. Bolsonaro lost the presidential election to left-wing Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in October after sowing unconfirmed claims about voting systems. Many of his supporters have refused to accept the result and some have been camping outside army buildings around the country calling for military intervention. Bolsonaro has denied encouraging Sunday’s attack, saying what happened had gone beyond democratic protest. While world leaders including US President Joe Biden have condemned the riots as an attack on democracy, Lula has vowed that the demonstrators will not go unpunished.  Supporters of Brazilian former President Jair Bolsonaro clash with the police during a demonstration outside the Planalto Palace in Brasilia on January 8, 2023. - Brazilian police used tear gas Sunday to repel hundreds of supporters of far-right ex-president Jair Bolsonaro after they stormed onto Congress grounds one week after… In "Foreign" By Biodun Busari Supporters of former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro who have refused to accept his election defeat stormed Congress, the Supreme Court and the presidential palace at the country’s capital on Sunday. The demonstrators embarked on the protest a week after the inauguration of his leftist rival and former… In "Metro" Brazil's Health Minister Luiz Henrique Mandetta said Thursday he had been sacked by President Jair Bolsonaro, after weeks of clashes between the two over the country's response to the coronavirus pandemic. Mandetta made the announcement on Twitter following a meeting with Bolsonaro at the presidential palace in the capital Brasilia.… In "Coronavirus Updates"