Governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu and his wife Dr Nkechi, paid a condolence visit to the Ikonne family over the loss of their patriach and gubernatorial candidate of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP for the 2023 election, late Professor Uche Ikonne. Ikonne, who passed on recently, was a former Vice Chancellor of the Abia State University. Read also: Abia PDP remains strong, despite Ikonne’s death, Ikpeazu assures NWC Speaking at the condolence visit to his Umuahia residence, the governor described the loss as shocking, enormous and irreparable, adding however that no one can question the Almighty God. He regretted that all human efforts made to save the life of Professor Ikonne proved abortive and it was clear that God called him home.  According to the governor, the late Professor Ikonne was a good, fearless and courageous man who also died in his belief in Christ. Ikpeazu expressed the hope that a glorious life awaits him hereafter and urged his wife, who is the State Solicitor General and Permanent Secretary, Ministry of Justice, Lady Uzoamaka Uche Ikonne, his first son, Dr Chike Uche-Ikonne , family members and others affected by the death to take heart. The governor said that  his love, vision and dream for a better Abia led him to Ikonne as a worthy successor from 29th May 2023 because of his forthrightness, courage, record of service, experience and dedication to Abia State.  Responding on behalf of the family, the first son of the deceased, Dr Chike Ikonne thanked the governor for identifying with his family in their moment of grief and for the role he played in ensuring that their father lived, stressing that they have accepted the misfortune as the will of God. The governor later signed the condolence register before leaving the residence.  The wife of the governor Dr Nkechi, the Member representing Umunneochi State Constituency, Hon. Barrister Okey Igwe and some stakeholders including Dr. Chris Odinaka Igwe, Rt Hon. Chinedum Elechi, Elder Raymond Aliga, MON, amongst others joined Governor Okezie Ikpeazu to the condolence visit  Governor Okezie Ikpeazu The governor of Abia State, Dr Okezie Ikpeazu, has assured members of the PDP in the state and across the country that the party remained strong, viable and united, even as they mourn the death of the gubernatorial candidate, the Late Professor Eleazar Uche Ikonne. He made… In "News" Atiku, Sen Orji, Wabara, Abia deputy gov in shock over Ikonne's death In "News" APGA guber candidate suspends campaigns over Ikonne's death In "News"