arrest former driver, security guard two others  By Ike Uchechukwu, CALABAR The Anti Cultism and Kidnapping Squad ACKS led by SP Ogini Chukwuma have foiled an attempt to kidnap a Commissioner for Commerce and  Industry , Mr Peter Egba. Vanguard gathered that four suspects including his former driver and security guard were part of the gang who attempted to kidnap him from his residence. Findings showed that the Commissioner had in November of 2022 reported the matter to the police that his security man, Me Victor Bassey  told him his former driver and gate man approached him to “allow” them abduct his boss . A security source who pleaded anonymity told Vanguard that after much pressure on Mr Bassey by the former driver and Security guard , he refused to succumb . “Out of anger for not pavin the way for them to kidnap his boss , they abductrdd him to an unknown location where they tortured him for 12 hours and asked him to lure his boss to their location , but he said they should kill him because he can’t do such. “He was later released but they kept on persisting by sending various threat text messages to him , but on the 29th of January the Dragon Squad got a call and swung into action. “During covert operation carried out to Dragon squad led by SP Ogini Chukwuma ,the former driver Obi Ayim Joseph , former security man Maurice Ibangha, Gideon Luzan Timothy and Asuma Vincent were apprehended at their hide out, ” the source said. Vanguard  learned that a locally made pistol was recoverd including criminal charms as well as various hand sets. When contacted , the Police Public Relations Officer , SP Irene Ugbo confirmed the arrest adding that investigation was ongoing on the matter in a bid to get to the root .  By Ike Uchechukwu - Calabar The Cross River State Police Command on Thursday paraded 6 kidnap suspects of the wife of appeal Court Judge, Justice Ignatius Agube and 28 others for Cultism, piracy and sundry crimes. A Bolt taxi driver, Christopher Effaeyo who operates in Calabar and a member of… In "News" CALABAR—THREE traditional rulers in Calabar South Local Government Area of Cross River State, have petitioned the Inspector General of Police, Mr. Mohammed Abubakar and Director of State Security Service in charge of Cross River State, over their alleged kidnap and Police indifference in apprehending the culprits. In "News" By Ike Uchechukwu, Calabar At least nine persons were on Tuesday kidnapped by suspected herdsmen along Calabar-Ikom highway in Cross River state. Confirming the incident late Tuesday night to Vanguard on telephone , the Cross River state Commissioner of Police, CP Sule Balarabe said the incident took place at 17:15… In "Metro"