Former President Olusegun Obasanjo has called for the cancellation of the Presidential and National Assembly Elections in all violent-prone areas.   Obasanjo made this call in a statement titled, “2023 Nigeria Presidential Election: An Appeal For Caution and Rectification.” According to the former President, the Saturday’s presidential election failed integrity test.  Obasanjo asked the chairman of the Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, Prof Mahmood Yakubu, to save Nigeria from the looming danger and disaster waiting to happen. He said it is no secret that INEC officials at the operational level have been allegedly compromised following the manual transmission of results which he alleged had been manipulated and doctored. Obasanjo told President Muhammadu Buhari that “tension is building up and please let all elections that do not pass the credibility and transparency test be cancelled and be brought back with areas where elections were disrupted for next Saturday, March 4, 2023, and BVAS and Server officials be changed.”  Recall that on January 1, Obasanjo openly endorsed the Presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, as his preferred candidate for the February election. Obasanjo endorsed the Labour Party presidential candidate in a new year message titled “My appeal to all Nigerians particularly Young Nigerians.”  The former president noted that none of the president candidates is a saint, but when compared on the knowledge, discipline, and what they can offer, Obi has an edge.  He said, “None of the contestants is a saint but when one compares their character, antecedent, their understanding, knowledge, discipline and vitality that they can bring to bear and the great efforts required to stay focused on the job particularly looking at where the country is today and with the experience on the job that I personally had, Peter Obi as a mentee has an edge.” Recall that the Saturday’s presidential election, Obasanjo failed to deliver his polling unit in Abeokuta, Ogun State, for his preferred candidate as the APC’s Bola Tinubu defeated Obi at the unit.  Meanwhile, the ongoing collation of the presidential election results at the National Collation Centre earlier today was met with commotion as the PDP agent, Dino Melaye and others staged a walk-out from the venue over an alleged compromise of the electoral process.