Kenyan police said on Thursday that they had arrested six teachers over a viral video of primary school pupils simulating sex as punishment in an incident that caused an uproar. The footage showed four boys in school uniform simulating sexual acts under a tree in the school compound as the teachers watched. The six are heard chatting in the background of the 29-second clip and bursting into laughter as one shirtless child wipes tears from his face. Police said the clip “exposing school pupils in an indecent act” was recorded in Nyamache, a rural town, some 300 kilometres (186 miles) from the capital Nairobi. Six teachers — five women and a man — have been arrested and “are assisting in (the) investigation”, police said in a report seen by AFP. Read also:  Kenyan court convicts Venezuelan ambassador of murder “Other preferable charges” and a report would follow, it added. The incident sparked fury on social media with many calling for action in the largely conservative, Christian nation. “This is so humiliating. Adults need to leave children alone! What even is this???” one user posted on Twitter. “This is really the worst that could happen to these kids. Did these teachers think about the trauma they (are) giving these kids?” said another. Education Minister Ezekiel Machogu said the teachers will face disciplinary action and would be dismissed if found guilty. According to Kenya’s sexual offences act, a person found guilty of compelling another to engage in an indecent act faces a jail term of not less than five years.  Zambia News and Information Service (ZANIS) on Saturday said no fewer than 23 teachers were dismissed in Zambia for sexually abusing and impregnating pupils in 2016. In "News" Leader in the provision of affordable education through cutting edge technology in underserved communities, Bridge International Academies, has achieved impressive success in the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education, KCPE exams; for the fourth consecutive year. This is following the publication of a DFID report in Lagos by the UK Government,… In "Education" Millions of Kenyan pupils returned to school on Monday for the first time since classes were dismissed 10 months earlier due to the coronavirus pandemic. Mask-wearing students had their temperatures checked before entering school to repeat their lost academic year, in what was both a relief and a concern to… In "Coronavirus Updates"