.  …Petition INEC By Olasunkanmi Akoni  Lagos Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, candidates in the just-concluded National Assembly election have rejected the results of the Lagos West and Lagos Central Senatorial Districts poll conducted, last Saturday, in the state. The candidates, therefore, appealed to Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, to consider their petitions against the collated results in the senatorial districts. Speaking, on Monday evening, Segun Adewale, popularly known as Aeroland, and Prince Wale Gomez, PDP’s candidates for Lagos West and Lagos Central Senatorial Districts respectively, claimed that they won the election going by the results obtained by their agents from each of the polling units in their district.  Adewale, also a former Lagos State PDP Chairman alleged that most of the results were altered at various levels of collations.  According to him, “I was coasting home to victory in Alimosho, Agege, Ojo, Badagry Local Government Areas (LGAs) before the results was allegedly changed through the back door.”  He said that the party had all the results from various polling units as declared by the polling officials as well as those collated by the party agents.  Adewale contended: “We have these results intact. What we discovered was that the results were unnecessarily delayed to give room for manipulation. “How can we lose an election that we have won convincingly at the polling units? “I therefore, appeal to the INEC Resident Electoral Commissioner to go through our petition. We have sent our petition and he should go through it.”  He explained that all entreaties to collation officers at various levels of collations to fact check the results with the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS) proved abortive.  Adewale also alleged that political thugs disrupted the collation at Ojo LGA where he was also coasting home to victory.  He saud; “It is sad that BVAS could not save us. I appeal to INEC REC to do the right thing. Every result that is contrary to what we have obtained from the polling units is fake.” Also speaking, Gomez said that it was the right of every Nigerian vote to be counted, alleging compromise by INEC officials.  “In Eti-Osa, we won massively. We want INEC to count real results,” he said.  In his contribution, Dr Abdul-Azeez Olajide Adediran (JANDOR), the Lagos PDP Governorship Candidate urged INEC to recall BVAS used for the election, and review results from contentious areas.  Adediran, who described the party as law abiding, said that the action or otherwise of INEC would determine the next move of the party pertaining the issues raised.  “We won convincingly, we want INEC to announce these results now,” he insisted. INEC had collated results and announced winners in most of the federal constituencies and senatorial districts which mostly favoured All Progressives Congress, APC and Labour Party candidates.