By Fortune Eromosele  The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission, ICPC, has arrested a woman, Omoseyin Oluwadarasimi Esther, with Twitter handle @SimisolaofLala, for selling new naira notes on social media.  This was contained in a statement signed by ICPC’s spokesperson, Azuka Ogugua in Abuja on Wednesday night. The statement said the arrest was as a result of intelligence received which led the ICPC operatives to seek out and promptly arrest the suspect.  According to the statement: “Oluwadarasimi Emma, a social media ‘serial entrepreneur’ who deals in skincare, sales of fuel, facilitation of foreign travels through visa acquisitions, and other businesses, seized the opportunity of the scarcity of the new naira notes to openly market the new notes. It is believed she is in collusion with key elements in the financial services sector diverting the newly released notes away from banking halls and payment channels into a ‘black market.’ “Oluwadarasimi is currently in ICPC detention and is helping the Commission with its findings on the criminal trading of the naira and the attendant scarcity and negative economic outcomes being caused by the action. “The action is in furtherance of the collaboration between CBN, ICPC and EFCC in implementing the new cashless policy and naira redesign.”  Prof. Bolaji Owasanoye, the Chairman, Independent Corrupt Practices and other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), says checking vote buying is a daunting task due to the large number of people involved in the act. In "News" The Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Related Offences Commission (ICPC), has detained Mr Goddy Nnadi, the General Manager (Corporate Services), Petroleum Equalisation Fund. In "News" THE member representing Orhionmwon (II) constituency in the Edo State House of Assembly, Mr Etinosa Ogbeiwi, was arrested, last Thursday, by the Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC) in connection with the execution of the N8.5million Oben-Geregu Pipeline Project in Orhionmwon local government council of the state. In "News"