Hoodlums invaded Jos North collation centre  Officials escape death by whiskers By Marie-Therese Nanlong  Jos – The Labour Party has won the Presidential election in Plateau State having won 11 out of the 17 local government areas of the State. The All Progressives Congress, APC won three local government areas, and the People’s Democratic Party PDP won three local government areas. Among the local government areas won by LP and the votes scored are Pankshin (25,450), Shendam (25,825), Mangu (39,387), Barkin Ladi (32,489), Riyom (15,171), Jos East (6,386), Jos South (112,874), Langtang North (21,590), Bokkos (32,581), Bassa (28,266) and Jos North (70,357).  The APC won Wase local government area with 28,675, Kanam with 41,185, and Kanke with 13,438.  The PDP won Mikang local government area with 7,22, Langtang South with 12,467, and Qua’an Pan local government area with 20,963.  Based on the results announced, LP has 447,625 votes, APC has 224,015 and PDP has 220,580 votes.  However, hoodlums on Monday evening invaded the Jos North Local Government Area collation centre for Presidential and National Assembly elections. The hoodlums attempted to harm the officials who could not finish their assignment but were successfully whisked away from the scene to safety.  The Returning Officer for the Presidential election for the Collation Centre, Dr. Lazurus Maigoro also confirmed the disruption of the election exercise by the thugs as he said ” Yes, it is true that thugs invaded our collation centre while we were doing our job. We narrowly escaped with our lives.”  Meanwhile, the State chapter of the People’s Democratic Party, PDP has called on the State Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr. Tersoo Agundu to “immediately direct the collation officer for the Bassa/Jos North and the Northern Senatorial zone to announce the results already collated to any political unrest.  John Akans, the State Publicity Secretary of the PDP in a statement on Monday said, “The Party is reliably informed that the DCP attached to the Jos North/Bassa Federal Constituency and that of the Senate, Deputy Commissioner of Police Afebuameh has seized the results sheet already collated from various polling units from the collation officer to prevent the collation officer and Party’s agents from signing and announcing the results as collated.  “The PDP call on the Plateau State REC of INEC, Dr. Tersoo Agundu to immediately instruct the Jos North/ Bassa Federal Constituency Collation Officers for Saturday’s election to announce the winner of results already collated from all the polling Units of Jos North / Bassa Federal Constituency  and that of Plateau Northern senatorial district. “This call has become necessary because of the unnecessary interference of one Police officer by name DCP Afebuameh who seized the result sheets from the collation officer, this action has led to security uncertainty in the State and the zone, the Commissioner of Police should with immediate effect direct the DCP attached to collation center to stay away from INEC document as he is not an INEC staff.  “DCP Afebuameh is trying to compromise the results at the collation center this is an officer that supposed to maintain peace and be neutral, instead of this unprofessional conduct. The DCP’s conduct if allowed will be a disservice to the integrity of Nigeria Police and the electorates who freely gave their mandate to the PDP and its candidates and will be an affront to democracy for anyone to subvert the will of the people.”