By Biodun Busari Tottenham manager Antonio Conte has reacted to the successful removal operation of his gallbladder on Wednesday by thanking the club fans. It was confirmed early on Wednesday that the 53-year-old Italian coach was suffering from severe abdominal pain and had been diagnosed with cholecystitis, according to MSN. Following the diagnosis, the former Chelsea boss was billed for surgery and posted a message of thanks to well-wishers after a successful operation to remove his gallbladder. Read also: Tottenham sign Danjuma, Everton’s top target from Villareal Conte provided an update via his personal Instagram account as he wrote: “Thank you for your lovely messages. “My surgery has gone well and I’m already feeling better. Now it’s time to recover, I can’t wait to get back on the field with the team,” Conte added. It is not known how long Conte will be out of action with assistant Cristian Stellini taking charge of the first team during a period of recovery for the head coach. Spurs host Manchester City on Sunday before facing Leicester the following weekend and a trip to AC Milan for the return of their Champions League campaign. According to the NHS, it can take up to eight weeks to return to full activities after gallbladder surgery.  The South African government says that former President Nelson Mandela underwent a successful surgical operation to remove gallstones from his gallbladder In "News" By Emmanuel Okogba Out-of-job Antonio Conte is set to take over the reigns at Tottenham Hotspur after the London club axed its coach, Nuno Espirito Santo on Monday, Vanguard has learnt. Conte was also said to have shown interest in managing Manchester United with Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's job under threat.… In "Sports" By Emmanuel Okogba Tottenham Hotspur have confirmed the appointment of Antonio Conte as its new head coach after the position became vacant on Monday following Nuno Espirito Santo's sacking. Conte joining the London side makes it his second spell in the Premier League. His first at Chelsea ended with two… In "Sports"