The Director of Special Media Projects & Operations & New Media, Tinubu/Shettima Pres. Campaign Council, Femi Fani-Kayode said some members of his party, the ruling All Progressives Congress, APC may be working for what he described as weak presidential candidates, particularly Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP. Read also: Nigerians will not get new Naira notes until after election due to hidden agenda – Fani-Kayode Fani-Kayode stated this in an interview on Channels Television’s The 2023 Verdict, on Wednesday. He said, “All these distractions are very disturbing because we are working hard but people are working night and day in order to create obstacles on our path to make sure that this transition does not go smoothly. “My own view is that some are but I don’t see how that is going to go well, given the fact that the opposition is so weak. I’m saying that some of them may be working for candidates I consider weak like Atiku.” Recall that Governor Nasir El-Rufai of Kaduna state had earlier claimed that there are some elements in the Presidential Villa seeking the defeat of the party’s flag bearer in this month’s poll. But, Fani-Kayode said the reason for all that is happening currently is to enrage not just the ruling party but the political class. He, however, said, Tinubu will prevail and will be elected president, regardless of what the so-called elements do.  Former Minister of Aviation, Mr Femi Fani-Kayode, has tackled the governor of Kaduna state who said that "God has decreed that this is President Buhari’s time. As long as he remains in politics, he see no Nigerian who can match him" In "News" The presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar and former minister of Aviation, Chief Femi Fani Kayode, Tuesday, Condemned the unlawful invasion of thugs into the Akwa Ibom House of Assembly with the intention to disrupt the democratic activities of lawmakers. In "News" Director of Media, Tinubu Presidential Campaign council, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode has said that Bola Tinubu’s Presidency means the enthronement of righteous leadership in the country. In "News"