By Biodun Busari   Gunmen suspected to be political thugs have killed the traditional ruler of Umuezeokaoha Community in Ezza North LGA of Ebonyi State, Ezeogo Igboke Ewa. The gunmen reportedly invaded the monarch’s palace on Monday night and shot him dead.  The State Governor, David Umahi has confirmed the tragic incident in a statement signed by the State Commissioner for Information and State Orientation, Barrister Uchenna Orji. In the statement, Umahi, ordered the entire security agencies in Ebonyi to swing into action in Ezza North for a rescue mission. According to the Governor, everywhere must combed to find the perpetrators of the traditional ruler, as he vowed they would face music of their wicked act immediately.   Umahi further urged all leaders of the state and the candidates who did not accept the result of the election to send their petitions to INEC or to security agencies, than making inflammatory statements that could throw Ebonyi into chaos.   “It has been brought to the attention of the Governor of Ebonyi State that just this evening Monday the 26th of February, 2023 that the Chairman of Ezza Traditional rulers council, His Majesty Eze Igboke Ewa was shot dead this night by people suspected to be political thugs for not supporting a particular party,” the statement read.  “The Governor is aware that a number of candidates have been making provocative and inciting statements about the election results in Ebonyi State.  “The Governor of Ebonyi State warns that no position in life worths the life of another person. “His Excellency the Governor is directing the whole Security apparatus of the State to move into Ezza North for a rescue mission. Anybody whose hand is in the killing of His Highness must be arrested immediately.  “The Governor appeals to all leaders of the State and the candidates who will never accept the result of the election to send their petitions to INEC or to security agencies, than making inciting statements that could generate crisis in the State.  “His Excellency, the Governor will hold anyone doing press conferences or social media to incite people responsible for any outbreak of crisis in the State.  “The Governor appeals to Ebonyi people especially our youths not to be used to taking the life of another person.  “Please we have no alternative to peace in Ebonyi State.”