The Supreme Court has dismissed an appeal by the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP seeking to restore the nullification of the participation of Osun’s ex-governor Gboyega Oyetola and his deputy Benedict Alabi in the July 16, 2022 governorship election. A Supreme Court five-member panel,led by Justice Centus Nweze on Thursday held that the appeal by the PDP lacked merit and directed the counsel to the PDP Kehinde Ogunwumiju to withdraw it. Read also: INEC debunks report of over-voting statement credited to REC in Osun The apex court held that the PDP could not, under the law,  question the process leading to the emergence of Oyetola and Alabi as candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in the election. Justice Emeka Nwite of the Federal High Court in Abuja had in a judgment on September 30, 2022, nullified the participation of Oyetola and Alabi in the governorship election on the grounds that their nomination forms were endorsed by an acting Chairman of APC, who was also a serving governor of Yobe State, Mai Mala Buni. Justice Nwite’s judgment was set aside by the Court of Appeal, Abuja in a judgment in December last year, a decision the PDP appealed to the Supreme Court.  By Ikechukwu Nnochiri ABUJA---The Supreme Court, on Tuesday, declined to restore Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as the Governor of Imo State. The apex court, in a decision by a seven-man panel of Justices led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice Tanko Muhammad, reinstated the… In "News" By Ikechukwu Nnochiri ABUJA---The Supreme Court, on Tuesday, declined to restore Emeka Ihedioha of the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, as the Governor of Imo State. The apex court, in a decision by a seven-man panel of Justices led by the Chief Justice of Nigeria, CJN, Justice Tanko Muhammad, reinstated the… In "Politics" PRESIDENT Goodluck Jonathan yesterday forwarded the name of Captain Mukhtar Usman to the Senate for approval as the Director General of Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, as well as the appointment of Justice Chima Centus Nweze for confirmation as Supreme Court Justice. In "News"