As a reputable organization, we can’t stop talking about how lucrative premium domains are. This is a business model that anyone involved in, is absolutely sure of earning in US Dollars, the buyers only transact in US Dollars.  Today we will talk about what premium domains are and how regular individuals can profit immensely from them. We will use the United States as our case study, over 500,000 new businesses are registered there on a monthly basis, these business owners all need one thing, A NEW NAME. Click here to start So what’s your business if they need names?  Good question, you on the other hand join a discount domain club called Travads.com, you acquire these names for really cheap, we mean for as low as $1500, at the discount club, the discount club allows you to acquire catchy, brandable and attractive names that these businesses we described above need. Click here to start As soon as it is purchased, the backend team at Travads.com puts that same name out in the global marketplace for as much as $15,000-$25, 000, the profit margin is mind blowing. What happens to the business owners?  The business owner is obviously looking for a catchy and brandable name for his business, the first place he visits is the global marketplace, the premium domain you purchased at the discount club for $1500 to $3000 is now sold to the business owner for as much as $25,000 and even way more. Click here to start  Is Travads.com legitimate?  Yes Travads.com is a legitimate business that allows you to acquire premium domains at their discount club for a low amount; they in turn sell it for you at a profit using their experienced backend team. The sale occurs at the global marketplace.   How to start. The first step will be to click here to get started and wait for approval which could take 3-5 business days.  Immediately after approval, you must reach out to an account manager and insist on a FAST selling premium domain name.  The managers are able to recommend based on 2 factors, what they see at the backend and experience over the years. It is highly recommended you reach out to them before making any selection or purchase.  Are there any guarantees? Absolutely, premium domains are a genuine means of earning legitimately, you buy and it is resold for you. This is one thing our team is committed to achieving for our clients. We have testimonials and reviews from individuals all over the world that have benefitted from this. One thing you will experience is how transparent the entire process is. Click here to start How do I get paid?  The decision is yours, some clients insist on dollar payments while others simply want their local currency. There is a backend admin provided as soon as you become a client, you are able to add such things as your bank details, currency selection, price you want your new domain sold for etc.  Is there an office?  Yes, you can walk into any of the offices in Nigeria and USA. After the pandemic, over 200 employees have been instructed to physically resume at the office.   Majority of our clients never visit the office, a phone call or WhatsApp message is all it takes to complete the deal. This is trust and reputation we have built over the years. Click here to start Are there people doing this?  Yes thousands of people buy premium domains on a weekly basis. As a matter of fact, clients from UK, Canada, Ireland, USA, UAE, Qatar, Malaysia and many other countries are actively involved in this.  In Nigeria, several people regardless of class and status engage in the business of acquiring premium domains. The returns are simply unbelievable. Click here to start  If you have been thinking of how to earn legitimately in dollars, now is the time, click here to get started.  Is support provided?  Yes, as soon as you become a paid customer, you will experience first class customer service from our backend team in Nigeria and the United States. They will work with you from the time we begin to negotiate the sale of the domain till it is finally sold. You are likely to receive calls to ask if you are OK with the prices the buyers are willing to pay. We hold your hands every step of the way.  Click here to start now.