.  ·  “Perpetrators will be fished out – Gov Obaseki  By Evelyn Usman  Thirty–three–year–old Idahosa Festus,  was one of the three persons shot dead during the Presidential and National Assembly elections in Edo State, last Saturday, by some armed political thugs who invaded ward 9, in  Ogheghe community, in Ikpoba Okha Local Government Area of Edo State. The graduate of Mythological Engineering from the Federal University of Technology, Akure, Ondo State, left his base in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, to vote in his home town. Vanguard gathered that after casting his vote,  Idahosa, popularly called Deve and other voters patiently waited behind for the votes to be counted.  An eye witness who gave his name simply as Osasohen, said as the Senatorial votes were being counted, the armed men announced their presence with sporadic gunshots, causing everyone to scamper for safety.  A bullet hit Idahosa who hailed from Egbokor Community in Orhionmwon Local Government Area of Edo State and two other persons. Festus and a mother of two, Elizabeth Owie died on the spot, while one other victim reportedly died on the way to the hospital.  Another man who was shot in the head is still battling for survival at an undisclosed hospital in Benin City, Edo State capital.  A relative of the late  Festus, who identified himself as Elder Iyore, described his death as a  big blow to his family, adding that his 75-year-old mother was yet to come to terms with the reality of the tragedy. Iyore said, “ The worst has happened.  News of Festus’ death was received on Sunday night of February 26, 2023, with shock.  “He was the last born of the family.  After birth, his father abandoned him , thereby saddling his mother with the responsibility of catering for him alone,  since birth. ” He had his National Youth Service Corp, NYSC  in Rivers state and was preparing to go abroad for his Masters. In fact, the school fees for his Masters’s programme abroad had been paid, only to be killed by political thugs who were bent on rigging the election.  “ The challenge now is how to manage his aged mother who has been crying non-stop.  She kept saying her son was not dead and that we should take her to where he is.  ” She kept lamenting how she struggled to bring him up alone when his father abandoned him and wondered why fate dealt her with such cruelty. “ All we request is justice. We call on the Edo State Governor  Obaseki and the Police to ensure that perpetrators of the dastardly act are brought to book so that the soul of our son will rest in peace.  “The family and Nigerians are waiting for the outcome of the investigation”, he said.   The corpse as gathered had been deposited in the morgue, while the Edo State Police Command said the investigation had commenced.  Obaseki’s  visit   Governor Godwin Obaseki visited the bereaved family’s home yesterday to condole with the septuagenarian mother who remained calm and lost in reverie. Explaining how  Festus’ corpse was found, one of his brothers, Anthony Idahosa said  “ everybody ran for dear life when the group of boys opened fire. I saw a lot of slippers. As I was driving along a path, one of the boys I conveyed alighted from the car when we saw someone lying down. We thought the person was one of the boys that invaded the place. But when we went closer, we discovered it was Festus”.  Holding the devastated mother by the hand, Obaseki appealed for calm, assuring that the Police would do all they could to ensure that the perpetrators would be brought to book.  He said, ” It is sad. I sympathise with you. Please take heart . The Police have commenced an investigation and the perpetrators will be fished out “.